0	The pluger gets stuck & you have to manually extract the mess.
1	The Hitachi is made in Malasyia, and looked cheap compared with the Makita, which is made in the USA.
0	i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked . 
1	This model appears to be especially good.  
0	in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders . 
1	it's fast, feels great in your hand and looks great too. 
1	now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems . 
1	i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory . 
1	 I do n't want to be a sensationalist but this computer is incredible .
0	But it wouldn't let me turn the AV protection back on and it wouldn't stop with the alerts.
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
1	well , this apex dvd player turned out great ! 
1	the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla . 
1	 I mainly use it with my Apple IPad and it really sounds quite good for it diminutive size .
1	I have no problems with the touch pad (once the sensitivity is set to low) and the interface is a breeze to use without even looking at the PDF manual.  
1	The controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use.
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
1	The bottom line is "Phone is cool one - only for the moment, as its the latest phone in the market and has all the new features, but this will soon be displaced by upcoming newer phones".
1	 I paired this very easily to two different Android phones .
1	It also holds a lot more diapers.
0	 The only downside is the remote which requires a line of sight .
1	it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims . 
1	it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime . 
1	There are better cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact.
1	this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones . 
1	You do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the Champ.
0	We also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped.
1	It fits into a hand well, it has a removable battery (this is important), great sound quality, fm stereo, recorder, smooth UI, and a feature that most unipods lack... char!
0	the OS is abit confusing at 1st, but within a few days you will pass this learning curve!
1	I, as many others, have waited for many years for the convergence of price, features, size and ease of use to hit that happy center point.
1	the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) . 
0	Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function.
1	 I took them to a different room and tested them with my mp3 player , where they worked fine and sounded pretty good .
1	It was easy to assemble, and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion.
0	 The sound quality is very poor .
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd . 
0	 The first set I received had a loud audible tone coming from the speakers and had to be returned .
1	 The software on the router is pretty good .
1	 Over for the price this is a good unit .
1	the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any . 
0	 The only problem is the battery life.
1	I have only used it with the 1/4" collet and a 1/2" round over bit, but I love how it starts up with little torque and runs very quietly.
0	Now the bad:  1) As usual, battery power not sufficient for daily usuage.
1	there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good . 
1	First, it really is tiny; the size of a pack of cigarettes, maybe  a scooch deeper.
1	my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature . 
0	e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
1	very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera . 
1	- Looks sleek, compact, has a radio.  
1	a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes . 
0	the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
1	In fact, I liked it so much after using it with my son who is now 2 years old, that I bought one for our new baby's room.
1	 At first I dealt with this as 18mbps was still REALLY fast .
0	it is made of plastic . 
1	No offense to Amazon, but I was able to find one online for just over 200 bucks (I'm sure prices here will continue to sink), and that also seemed quite a good bargain for the amount of storage space.    
1	when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with . 
1	I'd give it 4.5 stars if possible, but since 5 stars would be misleading, I give it 4 stars.     
1	the rate plans are also very good , at least for me . 
1	the powershot g3 is a great camera . 
1	not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy . 
0	Overall, it does its basic function very well, but we expect more from the mp3 players today and the Zen Micro does not rise to the occassion.     
0	That said, I am disappointed in the plunging mechanism.
0	2. YOU STILL HAVE TO CLEAN THE THING!!
0	The biggest problem is the installation.
0	the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks . 
0	They last about 1 1/2 years until the problems start.
1	drops and strong signals even from the backyard. 
1	considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player . 
0	the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue . 
0	I was some what sceptical when I seen the price deference between the other makers of comparible HP.
1	Feature wise, its a lot better than the dlink and netgear routers out there.     
0	we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason . 
1	5) Bluetooth wireless technology, so that I can transfer data to and from my computer without messing with any cables.
0	1. creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ? 
1	the 4G Ipod costs the same as this 5G Zen Micro. 
1	 The set up was pretty simple , basically a matter of hooking everything up and rebooting your system at which time you 're taken to the D-Link website to finalize how your setup will be .
0	 Although I was concerned about the plastic material and the fragile look , but it really works .
0	 Last night I needed to reset the router .
1	i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it . 
1	Hitachi's M12V is a big beast of a router.
0	It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
1	it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well . 
1	I recently had to run a 3/4" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn't even slow down.
0	creative software stinks . 
1	And it fits right in my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
0	 Third gripe : These monitors can suffer from the LCD equivalent of screen burn - `` image persistence '' if you like .
1	The good news is that the creative support is very responsive and after some emails and postal exchanges, i had a new zen.  
1	the price compared to the ipod is great . 
0	they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) . 
1	I loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and, very importantly, the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous. 
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
0	they are not wowable good . 
1	This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	4) Buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond of text messaging.
0	Yeah - this program protects your computer all right - by locking you off the internet.
1	the storage capacity is great . 
1	All you have to do is click one button on the router configuration window and the router automatically senses the devices and configures the network. 
1	 The battery life lastes 12 hours, and charges quickly. (As mentioned above, the initial charge is a minimum of only two hours - not too long at all!) Once you've downloaded your music, you can access the tracks by artist, genre, album, composer (this comes in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - e.g. covers of songs), etc.
0	apex sucks ! 
1	The focus is great, though, if you are not taking a macro shot.
1	So far I have used all of the above-mentioned features, and find them well designed, and easy to understand.  
0	i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler . 
1	 These issues aside, the iPod is kind of like the cell phone in that once you have one, you can't be without one.
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
0	 I 'd tell you myself my experiences but the router waiting to go back to the store so I never got far enough to try this .
0	 So slow , that it is not useable for files of any size or back-ups .
1	the dvd player is fine . 
1	Aside from a 6MB++ built-in phone memory, there's a 32MB MMC card that goes with it!
0	  And if you're a Mac user like me, they've naturally made sure you have no viable alternative.  
0	This is NOT a router I would suggest for a novice user, my old Dlink DI52!
1	this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel . 
0	The scrol bar agian takes some getting used to. 
1	what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware . 
0	So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
1	i love it ! ! 
0	whatever...  on to the negatives:  -touchy about charging... you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it's life if you don't upgrade the firmware OR dont' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side. 
1	I have tried other pails, but none have compared positively to the Champ.
0	however , the creative software is not real intuitive . 
0	i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver . 
1	I just upgraded to the Linksys WRT54G Wireless-G router last month and I am very happy with the quality of the product.  
1	 Bass fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! 
1	The Zen Micro is no exception: in addition to the case, it comes with a neck strap, and has all of the necessary cables for syncing and charging.  
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is a Norton program.
1	 This 4 X 3 monitor fits my space very well .
1	it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video . 
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
1	operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store . 
1	seriously ! i love it ! 
1	otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either . 
1	but , i would definately recommend this phone . 
1	 Installation was easy as advertised .
0	 Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless .
1	ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier . 
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
0	one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like . 
1	 It has a USB port -- so you can plug in a USB-powered drive and have network-accessible storage .
1	it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice . 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the drop-off in sound quality may take some getting used to. 
1	This phone has a nice blend of features without going overboard.
1	I received this little jewel as a gift and I can honestly say Iabsolutely love it.
1	 This LED monitor is fantastic !!!
1	The included earphones are pretty good - my advice? 
0	The 6600 will provide similar service in more developed areas of The States and not as well in more remote areas.
0	- no propietary headset jack 
1	the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera . 
1	very cool features... great camera with zoom...cool quality pictures... great ringtones... bluetooth feature is great....
0	i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media . 
0	* main dial is not backlit . 
1	The lens retracts and has its own metal cover so you don't need to fuss with a lens cap.
1	 It allows the USB interface on the router to be used either for NAS or print server .
0	the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings . 
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
0	 It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a lot more presets than the iPod. 
1	 This router works very well right out of the box .
1	 The color is red and is so attractive !!
1	but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it ! 
1	 With the small cost it packs a powerful wireless punch
0	Though nearly a dozen different people at both T-Mobile and Nokia have told me otherwise, it is simply not possible to use this phone as a Bluetooth modem for the vast majority of PDAs and many other devices.
1	 This computer has an excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price . 
1	If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
0	headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature . 
1	they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality . 
1	However after playing with it for three weeks now, I'm convinced, the Zen Micro is superior. 
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
1	If you on the other hand always use automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the best automatic settings I have ever seen.
1	no matter the format . 
0	i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard . 
1	 The sound became instantly clear again .
1	MEMORY/STORAGE - Seemingly boundless.
1	very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has . 
1	however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off . 
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers rock , the control station and remote are nifty , and the sub is powerful .
1	 I was a little skeptical because of how cheap it was .
1	 Setup was very easy .
1	the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to . 
1	- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company . 
1	it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy . 
0	I did see the review here and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
1	 Works super easy .
1	We have never had any problems with anything like loose wipes getting stuck (we always wrap them in the dirty diaper).
1	I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
1	The popup blocker and anti-spam are bonuses.
0	After consulting with Creative's customer support, they determined that the hard drive was broken and the only recourse was to send it in for repair, which would cost me $40, since it's past the 90 day warranty (pretty short warranty). 
1	 excellent , very good monitor to rest the price is pretty good , I recommendt he picture is sharp and in perfect condition came to Venezuela
1	nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price . 
0	But those 2 come up every time.
0	Now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
1	 The speakers are pretty small , so they wo n't take up a lot of space , but they play as loud as you want them to , and they have great quality .
0	 D-Link does not provide Mac support for the adapter , however I was able to find a free third-party driver that is compatible .
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for more .
1	After comparing the included Creative earbuds directly against my Sony MD-E828LP's and Sennheiser MX-400's, I find myself still using the Creative's, which in my opinion, sound every bit as good and have a slightly longer cord.  
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
1	 I just set it up manually , which is very easy .
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
1	It's far better than all others on the market.
1	- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily . 
0	the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
1	You can turn this phone into a gaming machine, a camcorder or a digital camera, an mp3-player, a movie viewer, a voice recorder, a personal secretary, a GPS map browser, a book, a multifunction remote controller, practically everything that you can do with the computer, plus it is a phone(!!) and also you can carry it in your pocket :).
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	Buttons size is OK for me, my wife, but not my grany.
0	- Radio Quality: weak reception     
1	if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one . 
0	on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
1	 The sound this slim design puts out !!
1	The product has worked perfectly for me on my XP.
1	Best of all the WMAs(I have a lot of them) sound great.  
1	recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately . 
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time . 
1	It offers way more features than I need but the ones I use work well.
1	the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers . 
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
1	Its nice look is also a plus.
1	 Apple 's wireless keyboard and mouse work flawlessly with the mini .
1	Have not had any issues with the headphones or fragility.  
1	 This is a preference , but since these speakers are more than capable of loud levels , I 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and less ... redolent of a teenager 's car system .
1	 The iHome , however , has markedly better stereo separation as well as bass level .
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
1	 Sound is crystal clear and the bass is very deep as well .
0	 It is also a bit bigger than expected but that 's OK because all I need is something to work with my iphone .
0	In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
1	the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle . 
0	it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd . 
1	 I highly recommend this device !
1	Reset the network, tried the connection, and it's working like a charm. 
1	Well Linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry.  
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
1	8 battery life is excellent . 
0	my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units . 
1	one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
0	This time, it started the uninstallation process, then I left for work. I think it will work. I hope it will work.
1	after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed . 
0	negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button . 
1	I do not count this as a negative, however, because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the price for what you get this router is way too good to pass up!!!
1	Broadband hooked up to this wireless setup flies. 
1	Pros.1.Speed  2. Signal Strength  3.Advanced Configuration Options
1	 Both units are small , with similarly small speakers .
0	just too numerous to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to name just two. 
1	It is slow to initially start up, but once it's turned on, I've never had any complaints about the speed.
0	I've read about the issues with the scroll bar, but they must have taken care of that now. 
1	As far as user interface is concerned, the best and easiest to use seems to be the one that comes with the player, 'Creative MediaSource Organizer'. 
1	output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv . 
1	 My fiance ordered this computer , she 's a teacher so she needed a small computer that would keep her from bringing work home with her .
0	Booting up my computer took forever!!!
0	The installation software CD crashed repeatedly. 
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
1	although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent . 
1	It's really well made and has survived sliding across floors and pavement without a scratch.
0	Also, when I dial an "800" number like an airline, it will not allow me to use number keys to navigatee the prerecorded menu.
1	 Other then that it is a fantastic display for the price .
1	I enjoy getting use to the touch pad. 
1	if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will make sense after reading 
0	Then when I went to Norton's website to obtain a priority ID number per the instructions I had been given, I couldn't find a way to get one.
0	There is no FM tuner, while there is no FM tuner on the Creative Zen (on the micro version of the Zen there is a tuner), the iRiver H10-20GB, the Rio Karma, and the iAudio X5 have FM tuners. 
0	their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience . 
1	for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds . 
1	All the good reviews for the SD500 are true. 
1	i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly . 
0	but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working . 
0	imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex . 
1	The depth adjustment and bit changing is much easier on the M12V than it was on my old router.
1	For me, it is as important that the tool be comfortable to use as it is that it produce a high-quality result.
0	but I had to give you four because the service for my brand-new iPod was terribly slow.
1	I've got a buddy who's trying to offload his almost new $300 Speedmatic because he saw what this router can do.
1	 With the smooth knob I find it hard to judge if I am actually gripping it and turning it by feel alone .
1	I also had no  problems installing or running the camera software on my PC.
1	but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything . 
1	I love the diaper champ, it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn't cost an arm and a leg for refills.
0	b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage . 
0	getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience . 
1	Hold Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this allows you  to have all the buttons unusable, so that you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
0	fm receiver - it has none . 
1	having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific . 
0	 There is no photo viewing option, however, there is a 20 GB photo iPod, but it costs $20 more.
1	 A great system at an incredible price .
0	Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
1	battery life is ok . 
0	On the downside, I think the interface takes some getting used to and the Zen software !
1	Everything that I have listed above, the Zen has, and more. 
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
0	the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case . 
0	Mine generally requires a charege every 48 hours or so and I don't really talk on it that much.
1	i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money . 
1	the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! 
0	it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) . 
0	my only significant complaint is sound quality . 
1	the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
1	in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset . 
1	What makes it so great is the versatility and the number of features it has.
1	oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^ 
0	my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons . 
1	The Hitachi M12V is a dream to work with, smooth starts, adjustable speeds, micro-adjustable depth, and plenty of power to spare.
0	i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing . 
1	I think sound quality should be the first and foremost feature, and the Zen is leaps and bounds better in sound quality, with no need to upgrade the earphones. 
1	it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket . 
1	I like it's shape and it's keypad and joystick.
1	the service from the supplier was exceptional . 
1	possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery . 
0	I purchased this phone knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer models of Nokia phones available.
1	You won't need to update your firewall and antivirus separately or install two disks.
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	what a junk . 
0	quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
1	I really dislike holding a phone to my ear, and I've found the Freespeak to be very comfortable and easy to use with this phone.
1	Finally, compare the iPod to other players on a cost/Gb, and also consider ease of use. 
0	it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
1	Saw the Hitachi on Amazon.com with their $25.00 coupon (at the time) and could not resist trying it out.
1	there are instructions to encrypt your personal wirless network so no one else can end up hogging/stealing your bandwidth. 
0	3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture . 
1	it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device . 
0	After telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program (which I had already done)...
0	the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck . 
0	apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy . 
1	just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has . 
1	transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy . 
1	 The screen is a very pleasing matte , and the colors are great .
1	this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much . 
1	the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly 
1	I would highly recommend that you do this if you want to learn something, but if you are not interested in learning this stuff and just want a working wireless router, just get the WRT54G.     
1	they made the other end of the camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a flat surface if you don't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
0	Symantec should give us all a refund and apology!
0	However, it is much bigger, bulkier, and heavier than my other router and I would not like to use it freehand (I keep it mounted in a table).
0	I did it and it was worse the second time around...unbelievable.
0	some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to . 
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
1	The ear buds that come with it look cheap, but the sound quality is amazing. 
1	it 's worth it . 
1	it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something . 
0	- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch . 
0	 I find it too bright .
1	fact is , it could n't be easier to use . 
1	it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set . 
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
1	price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad . 
0	Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
1	Overall, if you know what basic steps to take, it was not difficult to connect, and the s/w worked well to connect.  
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll use a new , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I returned the Item and got a linksys dsl modem instead .
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
1	Get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings.
1	I love the Bluetooth; easy to use with a wireless Jabra headset.
1	this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used . 
1	i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
1	The panorama modes are wonderful.
1	after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.
1	takes excellent photos . 
1	i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind . 
1	7. Have a good chunk of my small MP3 to listen through the speaker phone.
1	 I personally would recommend this router in every house hold or small buisiness environmnets .
1	 It seems that with every firmware release the router gets better & better .
1	Even though I never ventured into the cloth land, I was very impressed by how well this works at keeping diapers and their accompanying odor in the pail and out of our life!
0	It it is a bit heavy for hand held work, but any router this size will be.
1	 It also has excellent coverage through our two story house .
1	Installation was as near automatic as can be. 
1	 There are no incompatibility problems and they work fine .
1	3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player . 
0	very bad quality . 
1	the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away . 
1	All in all it hasn't been a bad product.
1	i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds . 
0	if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
1	the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want . 
1	 Bright , vivid , clean lines , wide viewing angle , and best of all - great price !
0	i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough . 
1	It was a good player when it worked and I loved the design.  
0	There is little meaningful difference between the two versions aside from the tedius activation process, and the product is currently rather buggy and has problems running unless cleanly installed on a formatted drive.
1	 its definately an outstanding laptop .
1	 it is lighter to carry around and it has enough functionality to use .
1	I find it very stable and comfortable to use, it doesn't jump around or make me feel like I need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control, and  it has very good visibility to see your cut.
1	I got this phone yesterday and didn't find any problems with it yet.
1	the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god . 
0	3- It is SLOW , if you keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
1	 The price is very good .
0	after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support . 
0	It wouldn't always work seemlessly with WMP and it often required me to restart the frozen micro by taking out the battery and restarting it. 
1	I've been using NIS 2004 for about 2 months and it works well.
0	the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button . 
1	 My brother and I were equally shocked at how loud this thing really is .
0	what a disappointment ! 
1	 Both the black and the white speakers are economically priced and worth it .
0	if there was a zero-star rating i would give it.
1	t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's . 
0	Just the home version of Norton Internet/AV has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with.
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate.
1	No need for deodorizers.
1	The headphones have great sound and durability and mine came with some extras when I bought it (a stand, a belt hook, charger) that I know doesn't come with every one. 
1	 This product is good enough to integrate my clarion cx501 to my Toyota camry 2001 mode .
0	Many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems at all> I would say that the main problem is that this player is just not made very well. 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	The flash is very weak.
0	As of October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
1	 Update : I 've been using this router for 3 months and it 's still working very well - wifi remains strong and consistant .
1	in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned . 
1	 Easy Set Up .
1	If you use linux and want GRPS and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device, and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you.
0	overall , a very disappointing product . 
1	i also use the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my Apple powerbook!
1	all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand . 
1	 The model is also very clean and nice , and the software is very user-friendly .
1	Two: it has a removeable/rechargeable battery, so you don't have to send the thing in when the re!
0	 I am disappointed in this product .
1	I am just in love with this phone, especially after using a more primitve phone about 3 years.
1	This is a well-made and powerful tool.
0	 I should 've trusted all the online comments about the terrible repair team of Acer .
1	so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost . 
0	Like most of their solutions (which first blame other applications for errors), the tech persons line was that this was probably a Microsoft error - it was NOT.
1	but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing . 
1	you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call . 
0	 However , since I am in an office , I normally keep them at a pretty low volume , and at low volumes , they sound a little weak .
1	It holds almost a week's worth of diapers, and you don't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work.
1	 The range seems quite good even through walls .
1	plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad . 
1	(It sure does look nice, though!)  I recommend this to any music lover anywhere: the quality of the audio is excellent, the controls and indicators rapidly become intuitive, and the storage capacity and battery life are huge!     
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
1	1. Record around 1 hour of video with Phillips Camcorder Pro.
0	Even the instruction booklet is out of order.
1	Battery : A Big Big plus. 
1	I can tell using the phone that it feels a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as long as I'm not planning on dropping the phone or running over it with my car it should be just fine.
1	 Wire runs through the body of the stand - giving it a very clean look .
0	now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
1	 It has good color and price was great .
0	in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class . 
1	 The ability to connect an external hard drive to the router is a nice feature when backing up from my various computers .
1	you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly . 
0	Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
0	this is extemely lame . 
0	granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player . 
1	 I 'm very happy with these , I 'll probably buy 2 more for the front channels .
1	overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
1	after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket . 
1	Along the way we compared it to my wife's T720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life, connectivity bars and features.
1	there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box . 
1	While I am not happy that a solid state device died after such a short period of time, my quick review of this product space did not yield any other brands that seem much better than Linksys.  
1	The camera responce is VERY quick. 
0	You have to wonder why Creative can't get this right.  
1	While it didn't have all the features I would have liked, it was better than anything else I could find at the time.
1	its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus. 
1	6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's . 
1	 The USB port on the back is a nice feature .
0	the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display . 
0	this is ridiculous . 
1	The setup was very easy. 
1	great phone .. . 
1	I bought this camera for the same reason many of you are considering it, or have already bought it--it's size.
1	but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. . 
1	The software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the Creative software, Windows Media Player 10, or simply Windows Explorer to move music back and forth between your Zen Touch. 
0	The tech support is worthless too.     
1	the software has n't been a hassle for me at all . 
1	this is the best phone i have seen . 
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase . 
1	I own this phone for about 6 months now, I have used the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory card that it takes.
1	By focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing, they have introduced a player that can look the Ipod straight in the eye and not flinch.  
0	I tried the CD setup program without any luck.  
0	 It will only move the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or tilt feature -RRB- .
1	still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! 
1	i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits . 
0	the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap . 
0	as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand . 
0	I still like it a lot and am not changing it for another, but it is sort of stinky.
1	this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod . 
1	i treat the battery well and it has lasted . 
1	 We still have our other network , which I use with my iPod , however , I will change it soon because the CISCO Valet is much better and faster .
0	Software The software that comes along with it is not very intuitive but once you are used to it,it  does the job well. 
0	The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
1	 I am very happy with this monitor .
1	looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors . 
0	 Maybe some of you do n't have this problem , but I know of over 20 cases of buzzing from this monitor .
1	 Overall , it is an impressive display .
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
0	after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
0	 Easy enough but it did not work .
0	Dont rely on T-Mobile rebates.
0	The support has been less than impressive, considering the cost. 
1	Tough as nails. 
0	 When the screen was n't contracting or glitching the overall picture quality was poor to fair .
0	PC software that comes with the player is not as simple as i Tunes but its not bad at all. 
1	Transfering MP3s are a cinch with the included software. 
1	i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems . 
0	the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
1	For more than a year, and it is totally reliable.  
0	 My comments are as follow : 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need Adapter which is comming with the package -RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the the power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
1	What I like the most:  - Small and solid feel. 
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
1	i am very pleased with it so far . 
1	this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong . 
1	It gives you the most bang for your buck, period.   
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double storage space (10,000 songs).
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
1	amazon is awaesome ! 
0	you need the software to actually transfer files 
0	They obviously have quality and reliability problems. 
0	I would give it about 6 or 7 hours, although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles.  
0	The firmware has bugs too, so download and install the latest firmware from Linksys. 
0	the vibrate setting is loud ! 
0	I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product is a complete and utter dud.
1	 Its tiny and has really decent sound for something so small .
1	for the money apex machines have good features . 
1	- bright , visible screen 
1	the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there . 
1	ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all 
1	If compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice and aptly named for its diminutive design.
0	so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option . 
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to blow.
1	what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 . 
0	The battery, as others have said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
1	 However , a phone call to the D-Link support crew was answered in a reasonable amount of time and they guided me through the process without a problem .
0	the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple . 
0	It's not as stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
1	 It 's loud and the quality is good .
0	The subscription files are still a little slower to transfer, but it's only by about 10% or so.  
0	not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording 
1	start up is so quick  
1	 Well , this speaker does the same wonders for my low-end HT setup .
1	with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet . 
1	I could take 1/2" passes and it still didn't skip a beat.
1	you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance . 
0	size - bigger than the ipod 
1	 Though it does n't have quite the screen real estate , it 's an excellent monitor and crystal clear at a resolution of 1920x1080 .
1	 It was a snap to set up and my PS3 , ASUS EEE Netbook , Droid 2 , and PCs all connect without issue .
1	 Even better , you do n't have to worry about constantly replacing batteries .
1	I absolutely love it. 
0	little to no networking experience, just in case the automatic CD method has issues.  
0	the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it . 
1	The container is hard to open, which is exactly what you want when your baby becomes a toddler, and you do have to flip the handle carefully (which has saved more than a few of her toys,too.) I don't consider these difficulties but features for the older baby.
1	The FM tuner, the 5G of storage, and the removable disk are all great features.  
0	nothing but hassle with this company . 
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
1	However since this Router is backward compatible, that doesn't pose a problem at all.  
1	Photos are pretty darned good!
1	the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player . 
1	I like the speed control.
0	The flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to. 
1	despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography . 
1	playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists . 
0	I have noted that as you use the tool, sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention.
1	I can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transfer images, calender events, contacts and anything else.
0	i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work . 
1	it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ). 
0	They have a good concept here, and I normally expect a lot better quality from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next gen version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	 Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
1	i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs . 
1	 The sound was crisp , clear , and no distortion .
1	- Audio Formats: supports both MP3, WMA... And yeah, WAV too.  
0	this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
1	 In conclusion, I gave the iPod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly.
1	The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold firmly. 
1	However, setting up using the quick start instructions was a breeze.  
0	having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying . 
0	This version of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
1	Decently Sized Screen-- One of the larger ones on the market at 2" 
1	It came with a good fence that  is simple yet precise and thats well made and won't break.
1	( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
1	I've connected the phone with two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	 Easy set up and the picture was crystal clear .
1	even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio . 
1	All in all, this is the camera for you if you can spare the extra cost in price. 
1	 I am using JBL N38 II as surround left & right , which is again a very nice excellent speaker set .
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... GET IT GET IT GET IT.... works really good....     
1	Smaller size, 1 gb of more space, radio, voice recording, removable battery, cooler look, all in one.  
0	the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated . 
0	the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless . 
1	 This tiny speakers produce really big sound .
1	the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
1	The pictures are tack sharp, colors are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire. 
1	For the price, I am considering purchasing a spare just to have as a backup.
1	Its the easiest thing to setup i thought, and i am only 16...So with all that said, BUY THE ROUTER!!!!     
1	i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it . 
1	i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites . 
1	Fortunately for me, I have yet to have a single problem with this player.  
1	It comes with an adapter to plug into the wall, which I hear is a step up from the other iPods, which require you plug it into a computer to charge it.  
0	NAGATIVES of the Player itself:  You need to do a little work before having full enjoyement of this player.  
1	6) The phone is really wide, which seems to be a turnoff for many people, but the phone is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic.
1	the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so . 
1	i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! 
1	It makes the Nomad I purchase feel and look like junk.  
1	first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
1	- Replaceable battery. 
0	The only complaint I have is that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
1	Builtin microphone is great for recording short voice notes. 
0	creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
0	I replaced it with a Router Raizer and it works much better.
0	My son tried it and he too couldn't change the speed without an assist.
1	White earbuds ( i replaced those with some shure headphones, big difference), a case, a stand, a clip (which doesn't really work), and a nice little zen micro bag. 
1	it has all the features one would need in a cellphone . 
1	they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) . 
0	creative labs customer support website is useless . 
0	 The remote control and reciever not so good .
0	I even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
1	i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well . 
0	although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing . 
0	Even with newborn diapers it filled way too fast.
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
0	when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either ! 
0	 Bottom Line - Do n't buy this for the USB function .
0	1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it . 
0	- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would last . 
1	i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 . 
1	the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent . 
0	 Doesn't have alot of good games on it.
1	 Worked fine .
1	 This is a great 3-piece speaker system for a computer , and it 's worth every penny .
1	 recieved this product in time for a gift giving ... works outstanding good battery life nice screen resolution uses windows 7 which is what the rest of the house uses connectsd to my network easisly
1	but canon never fails to amaze . 
1	Remember, this phone uses an operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
0	there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance . 
1	 This netbook is exactly what I want for my kids .
0	the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds . 
1	But I was ready to upgrade and when I discovered that Canon  was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher  resolution, I had to have the S100.
1	After upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now works fine. 
1	 I love that it is a tablet - it is so much more convenient than a regular laptop .
1	 I remain extremely pleased with this router !
1	i have no complaints with this mp3 player . 
1	controls easy yo use and easy to get to . 
1	Apart from speed, the signal is consistent and works without interruptions, etc. 
1	it looks great - and is loaded with features . 
1	The height adjustment knob is a bit flimsy, but it works well and provides good accuracy.
0	it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button . 
1	 Sounds awesome .
0	The only downside I have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react, meaning when I push the contacts button, it takes a while to load, this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone.
1	But I wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits.
1	Diaper Champ is great.
0	ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring . 
0	  This was obviously a conspiracy as it is FREAKIN' EASY to manufacture a device with replaceable batteries!!
1	overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned . 
1	when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is . 
1	the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv . 
1	 Surprisingly , everything seems to work well .
1	 This really is a laptop in a small form .
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	 Dialogue is very noticeably clearer .
1	i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) . 
1	+ screen was good , easy to read 
0	 You ca n't , that `` upgrade '' is irreversible .
0	who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will . 
0	- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones . 
1	It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.
0	Although, I thought it could've been designed a bit better.  
0	The problems I had installing Norton extended way beyond what Symantec should reasonably expect the public to deal with.
1	it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx . 
1	with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots . 
1	proven canon built quality and lens . 
0	it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . ) 
1	I think the interface is great.
1	But if you use all bluetooth accessories, as I do, its really not an issue.
1	I just replaced my old Linksys router with this one, turned everything on in the right order, and it was up and running with no problems.  
1	just want a wireless router for home or your very small business, you can just get a WRT54G from here and configure it. 
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	at works as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support.     
1	  It all sounds great too. 
0	the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
1	Built like a tank, yet nimble enough to be comfortably used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
0	I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
1	I tell you now, after lot of shooting in many different situations, this camera is amazing. 
1	It works easily with one hand, which is important.
1	those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use . 
1	canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out . 
0	after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it . 
0	only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet . 
1	it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs . 
0	I've had Nokia's for years, and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone.
1	As any digital camera owner knows is that when you go to take a picture of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had somone move there hands back and forth under the lense and another person take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image apeared on the decently sized screen. 
1	the menus are very easy to navigate . 
1	nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear . 
1	overall i like the unit . 
1	The controls and the menus are clearly displayed and easily fathomed  
1	the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead . 
1	Its compact and has rounded edges. 
0	I mean, they're short!
1	 Well , I can not complain about the volume , bass or mounting abilities of the system .
1	the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well . 
0	* lens visible in optical viewfinder . 
0	enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem . 
0	Long reboots due to Norton taking FOREVER  to boot.
1	this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	 I absolutely LOVE these speakers .
1	Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop increments (I leave it set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for my taste).
1	Getting the router setup in a "vanilla" configuration that works for 99% of users was very easy, and I was able to do this no problem.
1	 Had a JVC system that was 6 years old and I thought it was good , but the Onkyo sound is amazing !
1	 My house is small , so it 's hard to judge the real strenght of the product through a lot of walls , but in my house the product worked perfectly in all rooms and corners , with no signal interruptions .
1	I must say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever  owned!
1	 Other than that the sound is so crisp and clear and I would still purchase this all over again .
1	the color screen makes this free-after-rebates phone shine bright , and commands are very responsive . 
1	usb 2.0 - very fast 
1	the sound quality is very good . 
1	No smell, easy to use with one hand free, and best of all it uses regular tall kitchen garbage bags so you don't get suckered in to using only the bags made for the pail that are imposible to find!
1	i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional . 
1	 However , when I plugged it into my Mac Mini , the screen looked wonderful .
1	Also, with one click you can help train your spam killer.
0	Linksys is more costlier than others and is a home/consumer division of Cisco. 
1	The WRT54G offers excellent security features and much more (and easier) configuration menu that I didn't even need a manual to setup correctly.  
1	The games are decent, but u only get 2 to start off with.
0	After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
1	 The sound is just fine. 
1	the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones . 
1	 For the price , the sound is great and their portability -LRB- pack down to a large egg-shape -RRB- is quite good .
0	the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software . 
1	I have less money invested in the router table and dual routers than I would have if I had purchased a single cheap reliant shaper.
0	1. Your Hitachi might come to you with a stiff spring mechanism.
1	the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling . 
1	after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
1	not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless . 
1	the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography . 
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
0	CONS - Difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as I was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor.
1	you can take pictures seconds after you turn the camera on...literally! 
1	All in all I am pleased with the router.
0	- The battery life leaves a lot to be desired. 
1	nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception . 
1	I purchased this over the Ipod Mini because it had several nice features: extra 1G storage, WMA support, replaceable battery, and especially that it wasn't an Apple product with their proprietary architecture.  
0	 Be prepared for a long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
1	ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion . 
1	i didnt have any installation problems; and the touch pad is fine, even if it is sort of inaccurate.  
0	navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well . 
1	you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too . 
1	i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down . 
1	Goes ~3 days after a charge.
1	 A + + + + + + product and very well built for apple users in mind ... ... oh yeah theres a usb port in the back for you droid people .
0	update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product ! 
1	i 've had no problems with the software . 
1	this is a good deal for music and data storage . 
0	battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
1	While this phone obviously doesn't have the same quality construction as Motorola does, the Nokia 6600 is one of the better phones I've used.
1	 Great Design-- Very sleek and touch wheel has still never been successfully copied (vertal ones are the only competition); and now the wheel clicks, taking away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus. 
1	compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck . 
0	Even after all the nightmare sound problems, I'd still half-way like this product if it kept it's promise; the ability to store 1500 songs. 
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
1	 My DWL-2100AP does not work as a repeater for DI-624S and there is no firmware update to support this product .
0	the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile . 
0	If you experience problems with installation, you can visit symantec's website, click the support tab, click the 'home or home office support' and there is an automated support assistant that can scan the Norton program files on your computer and it will tell you what is not working right and how to fix it.
1	 The device is small and well designed ... I would recomment it highly
1	the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it . 
1	 I think the real reason that made the changes is that it now uses GPU hardware acceleration .
1	I've dropped it atleast a dozen times to my recolletion and it still works as good as ever.
1	I've had no problems w/ this phone.
1	 This Pinnacle speaker bar is well worth the money .
1	the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective . 
0	I am glad that I do not work for Norton.
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	Sure they say if it's their fault you won't get charged, but THEY are the ones who get to decide whether it's their fault.
1	the player 's software is very easy to use and very good . 
0	unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything . 
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know what to do .
0	creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
0	The Creative MediaSource software that comes with the Zen Micro is cluttered, and excludes my favorite feature in iTunes, the ability to automatically copy everything you import into a certain folder. 
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	i have had no problems with the phone . 
1	this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in . 
0	I took it out one day and the LCD was not working. 
0	when talking the voice is not very clear . 
1	 Thuumbs up to ACER widescreen ULTRA Slim monitor .
0	Norton has been on a downhill slid recently with their products, but with this one, they have fallen off the cliff.
1	Best phone i've ever owned, period.
0	but the earbuds suck ! 
1	 I did have problem connecting my laptop to the internet but there customer service representative was very helpful and patient in walking me through all the steps .
1	 Music sounds great but having surround sound in game is nice and a big difference from headphones .
1	And the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my LAN.
1	i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player . 
1	the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry . 
1	It really is a great buy if you are lookin at having just one modem but many computers around the house. 
1	unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect working condition . 
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
1	i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode . 
0	So far I haven't had so much complaints except that I still haven't mastered how to scandisk when using Internet Security.
1	longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	 So if you 're game for a little fiddling , you may be very pleased with this 5-day forecaster .
1	 After much frustration , I finally upgraded the firmware to the latest DD-WRT firmware at DD-WRT 's website and it resolved all my problems .
1	the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product . 
0	 Assembly is a little awkward because the drawings are n't that great .
1	get it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
1	however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice . 
1	i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy . 
1	5.The Camera installed on this phone is awesome.
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they ask you to buy it and when you do n't , it stops working well .
1	 PROS : So off I went to get a faster router , and this one did the job I bought it for admirably .
1	 When I then moved the wire to the desktop and used the laptop wirelessly , the internet connection was just fine .
1	 The D-Link DIR-655 Extreme N Wireless Router works fine as a 802.11 n wireless router .
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus allow you to play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players 
0	the volume . 
1	 Lastly , I feel that the speakers were over priced for what I got -LRB- unless there is some inherent benefit in the Bose label that I do n't know of -RRB- .
1	what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) . 
0	the dvd player just would't recognize them . 
1	the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery . 
1	+Battery life is awesome IF you upgrade the firmware [requires a windows pc] OR make sure to always plug the ac adapter into the player before plugging into the outlet +Awesome sound quality... I mean it is Creative right? 
1	 I've used the Corporate edition at work without any problems ever.
1	the sound from the player is ok . 
1	since then, i have not found one major problem with it.
0	the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking . 
1	Smooth plunging! ( it did stick a bit so I sprayed it w/ lubricant.
1	i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of . 
1	 I did n't get any wierd sounds from the side speakers like I did with my old front speakers .
0	Well, I got my second player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer se!
1	The hardcase they give with it must work well.  
1	the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used . 
1	Even though you could get a cheap router these days, I'm happy I spent a little extra for the Linksys. 
1	it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light . 
1	If you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday, Nokia beats everyone else.
1	I click pictures in JPG format and because the phone has a bluetooth device I find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth.
0	this thing is trash . 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
1	Once you set it up, it's great. 
1	working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! ! 
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
0	as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale . 
1	 Highly recommend this monitor - hard to beat at this price point .
1	 They deliver great 5.1 sound when hooked up and ACTUALLY RECEIVING A 5.1 SIGNAL .
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
1	One primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that I could use it as an internet connection for my laptop running linux, where softmodem drivers are hard to find, and don't work very well.
1	 Easy to use with clear instructions contained in the install drive .
0	i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) . 
1	It'll make life a lot easier, and preclude you from having to give this product a negative review.  
0	You can upgrade but then there's a certain level of trouble involved.
1	With Bluetooth off the phone last almost twice as long.
1	the software comes with plenty of defaults genres . 
1	 THIS ROUTER IS AWESOM BUT IT WILL ONLY SUPPORT 1 XBOX WE HAVE 3 AND YOU CAN NEVER GET MORE THAN 1 TO HAVE A OPEN NAT TYPE THE OTHERS ARE USUALY MODERATE OR STRICT WHEN I CONTACED SUPPORT THEY WERE VERY NICE AND TRIED THRE BEST TO GET IT WORKING RIGHT BUT TO NO AVAIL BOTTOM LINE IF YOU JUST HAVE A COMPUTER A LAPTOP AND 1 360 YOU WILL BE FINE AND VERY SECURE THIS ROUTER IS WELL WORTH THE MONEY
1	PIII 1Ghz 512MB RDRAM Windows XP Pro 80GB HD  I was able to Uninstall NIS 2003 and Install NIS 2004 with no trouble.
0	This is not an enterprise piece of hardware that you will find in an office or corporate environment. 
1	 I have found this little device to be quite fun to use .
1	Moving on to sound department... It delivers! 
1	If you want to work wirelessly, this router does just what you want it to do and my geek friends say that the security is as good as it gets right now.             
1	The base was deeper and the highs were crisper. 
1	 Solid , resistant to scratches , better heat dissipation .
1	 I love this monitor .
1	this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone . 
1	it does well in all aspects of internet browsing . 
1	The battery holds a charge for a very long time (maybe 15 or so hours of use) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with iPod use. 
1	the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad . 
1	 These speakers are a greatg value I use them as rear speakers with polk fronts and center .
1	owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide . 
0	It's not the heaviest around (I think Porter-Cable has that distinction), but I found its combination of weight and power really too much to allow precise handheld operation.
1	i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets . 
1	size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you . 
1	I bought this camera two days ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it has been worth the money. 
1	As I drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good--but I was wrong!
0	2) The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. 
1	 Its sleek design, large memory capacity, compatibility with iTunes, and ease of use makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices on the market. 
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided me to the actual problem , which was that the router failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed from my FiOS optical network block .
1	The camera is solid, performs well, takes good pictures, and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the LCD viewfinder.
1	nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com 
1	Other than the fact that one can't delete a file directly from the iPod, the interface is excellent and mind-numbingly simple to use.  
1	( batteries last longer too ! ) 
1	I have no problem using iTunes with the Zen Micro (in a makeshift sorta way).   
0	Also if you do manage to get it installed, any problems with LiveUpdate or with System Works will also affect the functionality and/or the process of updating Internet Security.
0	The movie mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160X120 per clip and a max of 4 seconds at 640X480.
0	 I spend 10 hours\/day in a VNC session with dark colors ; the colors and brightness change across the panel when I look from the center to the corner .
0	The FM radio's reception isn't spectacular, but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area. 
0	the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me . 
1	 This netbook is closer to the notebook powers but still very cheap .
1	even viewed cds full of jpgs . 
0	1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable . 
1	It's easy to install the security on this product but Linksys doesn't do a good job of explaining why its important.  
1	the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple . 
1	it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse . 
1	Even during the firmware updates my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity.  
1	I got the diaper champ because of the great reviews as well as the fact that you can use regular garbage bags.
1	the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers . 
1	 This is a superb system and highly recommended .
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
1	We've never experienced odor from the pail.
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
1	The new Canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the S100.
1	yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range . 
1	i love this player . 
1	the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject . 
1	Overall, the Micro is a solid device and I haven't fell into a problem with it yet *knocks on wood*. 
1	Having done all this, I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed were decently covered by the signal. 
1	This setup using the CD was about as easy as learning how to open a refrigerator door for the first time. 
1	the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player . 
1	This is really a no brainer. 
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
1	 Does what it should and the sound seems fine to me .
0	i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode . 
1	easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this 
1	I also like the fact that you can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	The Nokia 6600 is a decent extension of the smartphone line.
1	for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages . 
0	A lot of people are having problems with the firmware update required to use the player for Napster to Go.. The firmware is beta and they are are a lot of bugs in it. 
0	the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press . 
0	If you have no previous version of  nortron security on your system, or Nortron Antivirus, the installation will go fine, otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up!the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation, even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly.
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
1	 The router recognized my other wifi devices easily , and further setup was a breeze .
0	As a computer, or PDA its weak since the screen, while large by phone standards, is still tiny to really do anything on.
1	The optical and digital zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom.
0	* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files . 
1	The Zen offered a great alternative. 
1	If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie.
0	the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective ) 
1	excellent range of metering options as well . 
1	 Relatively small desktop footprint too .
0	) WORST FEATURE POSSIBLE, THIS ALONE MAKES IT RATE ONE STAR: What's up with no recharge cord? 
1	 Ca n't beat it for the price .
1	This is the first cell phone I've owned, and overall, I am quite pleased with it.
1	the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " ! 
0	You also need to go in and MANUALLY remove many Symantec files from the REGISTRY.
0	made the camera totally inoperable . 
0	Is it necessary to scan my MS Money database when I close the program?
0	if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it . 
1	It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can take it anywhere.
0	 - Construction : all components are pretty rugged and seem built to last .
1	i really have no complaints over this unit . 
0	only thing missing from creative is a cd burner . 
1	It also has tons more features then previous creative products, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the main menu to show the stuff you want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
1	I love the camera.
1	I really love this phone...
0	while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets . 
1	 Sharp , crisp images .
1	 It was nice to have the faster internal network speeds while we tested this router -LRB- which was for all of about 3 hours while trying to get everything to work properly -RRB- .
0	the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too . 
1	have used it frequently and have had no problems . 
1	The battery life is not that of the Casio's but its good and your going to get better pictures in my opionion with the battery life youve got. 
1	Second, it is  incredibly easy to use.
1	it plays everything , even vcd 's . 
1	it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
1	I thought the FM radio would not see much use with so many tracks avaiable to me, but its great for tuning in to TV programs at the gym while on the treadmill, concerts and programs being simulcast, NPR, and on and on. 
1	Comes with a installation CD which instructs you step by step to setting up the router. 
1	getting files onto it is quick and painless . 
0	this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas . 
1	this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc . 
0	 It takes approximately 20 to 90 seconds to come back online -LRB- I have n't timed it -RRB- , which does n't sound that bad until you get nailed 10 times in one hour -LRB- that 's about as bad as it gets ; sometimes it goes for hours without rebooting -RRB- .
1	great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! ! 
1	i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it . 
1	 am so glad I bought this camera. 
1	No one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor.'
1	i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough . 
1	I also own a retail store and this little guy easily plugs into my AUX slot in the store's sound system.  
0	 Simply this product was created and was left behind !
1	The arm band is fantastic and it doesn't budge even at the gym.  
1	This camera is so easy to use!
0	Verdict:  Had I not needed something with a tad bit more space, I consider this player fair game. 
1	 Great sound !
0	my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor . 
1	The metal housing seems very rugged.
0	The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
1	- uploading music is quick and easy . 
0	sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much . 
0	the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal . 
1	I could probably use a trash can and be ok at this point, but this prduct seems to work very well so far.
0	 One caveat I have is that I understand the iPod does not save the photos in such a way that the quality of the image is preserved.
0	The only problem i find with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to wood dust.
0	This phone is not suitable for fast people, maybe only for old people.
0	about 10 % of the time it can 't find the device when i attach it to my pc . 
1	Freebies you get: A cradle with detachable stand and belt clip, some thing very handy and useful. 
0	Also the battery life isn't great but it's sufficient for my needs.
1	i like the speakphone function a lot . 
1	 I seem to be getting 5 to 6 hours on the battery which is sufficient for my needs .
1	overall , a good buy for the price . 
0	( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones ! 
0	and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title .. 
0	 The sound quality has been poor since day one , the base constantly drops calls , and now there seems to be some sort of short circuit in the base -- we can no longer use the AC adapter with the base or it turns off completely .
0	what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software . 
1	Other than this, I am very pleased with the router and would buy it again.
1	This one is really great.
1	mixed bag i guess but the price was right . 
0	 Sometimes the system would hang , so I would have to restart the router , then get going again .
1	As the 6600 uses 900mhz, it operates in more countries than the 6620.
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
0	their customer ( www.apexdigitalinc.com ) service is very poor . 
1	 The technical support phone line was responsible for my giving technical support 4 stars .
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
1	I am now staring at an array of stuff including Zen Micro player, stereo earbud headphones, a rechargeable lithium-ion battery, an AC/DC power adapter, a USB 2.0 cable, a belt-clip, a stand, a stylish cloth pouch, an installation CD, a quick-start guide, and Creative MediaSource software.  
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , I found the setup software on the enclosed CD to be useless .
1	comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small . 
0	I gave up and got a diaper Dekor.
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
1	my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money . 
0	That is, you cannot access the internet at all.  
1	*holds the odor in nicely!
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
0	I am an advanced computer user, so I cannot even imagine how a new or novice user would ever get this terrible program to work!
0	But my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly design.  
1	good quality video . 
1	 Purchased this item because of reviews and price .
0	the dvd player does not work properly . 
0	5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control . 
0	 My only complaint , is that the cord is not long enough .
1	 They sound wonderful the only issue is where to put them when I move around .
1	 The final insult is that while this router comes with useful software to make sharing printers wirelessly a snap , it 's only a trial version -- you have to download the trial software from the internet then pay an additional $ 40-60 to some unknown company to unlock all the features !
1	also love waking up to music with attached speakers . 
0	 Everything was great until it started dropping internet connection sporadically .
1	so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine . 
1	when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good ! 
1	This is a great diaper pail.
0	and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 . 
0	the software , mediasource , cannot work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) . 
1	I love that you can create custom playlists, and organize music in so many different ways.  
1	the more i work with it , the more i love it ! 
1	either way , can 't go wrong with this price . 
0	1 no direct firewire to the camera . 
0	  My only complaint (really more of an observation) is that the outside finish of the iPod is rather delicate, so I am going to get a case for mine so it doesn't get all scratched up. 
1	i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine . 
1	all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well . 
1	 Highly recommend getting the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
1	Track #, name, artist, album and genre is automatically-retrieved via internet-labeled, and properly catergorized into the Zen. 
1	without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen . 
0	 There are a few things that I do n't like about the design .
1	I have really enjoyed the camera on this phone.
1	 The highs and lows sound great and personally I think the bass is at a perfect level -LRB- at 50 % -RRB- , definitely not boomy .
1	It works great.
0	The touch controls took a little getting used to but now I wouldn't change it for the scroll wheel. 
0	but the major problem i had was with the software . 
0	I have found too many bugs in Norton Internet Security Professional to recommend it to any one without extreme patience and experience.
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or Acer .
1	The size of the camera is perfect. 
1	the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport . 
1	Smooth plunging mechanism.
0	It DOES take some getting used to. 
1	I was using the cheapie pail...and it worked ok until the opening device fell apart.
0	It ain't cutting edge (no pun intended) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain't pretty.
1	the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to . 
0	First off, the battery.
0	My ipod freezes occasionally, which is especially annoying when you're in the middle of a game of "brick." *
1	i am quite happy with the camera . 
1	- excellent sound quality 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
1	There are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
0	 You can not get decent mid-range or bass at lower levels without inaccurate booming from the sub woofer no matter how you tweak the levels .
1	huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you . 
1	The camera and video functionality is decent, I can't see myself wasting my time with it, but some people will.
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
0	Back in May 2004, when I first reviewed this, it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run.
0	The touch-pad would be a great thing if it worked well, and as I never had issues getting songs transferred to the player, I did have problems accessing them from the player.   
0	it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? 
1	When I saw a high gain (low price) antenna was available to the WRT54G router, I thought I'd happily give up some (practically unattainable anyway, since you've got to be in spitting distance from the router) speed in favour of wider coverage. 
1	if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics and video, get the SD500. 
1	High quality video and pictures rock!
0	All in all, the Diaper Champ serves its purpose, but it does not live up to its good reviews.
0	It took me three days, to the tune of Neil Young's song "Piece Of Cr--!", to get this to work with the satellite hookup I was hired to connect this wireless network up to.  
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	poor visibility on the keys . 
1	In a week of use i've never had to reboot the router. 
1	i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) . 
1	while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability . 
1	all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product . 
1	I have stored 40 audio CDs and i still have close to 2.8 GB free.   
1	It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that quick shot. 
0	I'm probably the only person that dislikes the iTunes software. 
1	you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy . 
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
0	Other than that it is all the same except the new updates.
0	I had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the damn thing off my computer completely!
1	 - Input and headphone on right jack is super handy .
0	HOWEVER after just one month my headphone jack was BROKEN as a result of normal, every-day use.  
1	there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful . 
1	all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved . 
1	 My wife is even more pleased due to its widescreen .
1	yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy . 
1	my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took ! 
1	A very well made product that has worked very well for me over the years. 
1	It's faster than WMP. 
0	i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work ! 
0	 I agree with the earlier reviewer who said that there is a very limited vertical viewing angle in order to get consistent contrast .
1	contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon . 
1	 This is one of the nicest electronic devices that I 've ever owned .
0	The menu pops up after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory.
1	I purchased two of these beauties.
0	one still works fine , the other quit after one day . 
1	Feature for feature, I find it a very sweet little player; equipped with a higher end headphone system, between this and th larger Zen Ihardly use my home stereo system anymore. 
1	 - Sound quality is good .
1	Creative did an awesome job with the design. 
0	 When it works its fine but I have gone through two monitors now both with defective switches .
0	no way to contact their customer service . 
0	So I took out the battery and put it back in again, only to find that it would not work.  
0	I had a lot of problems setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
1	 It really impressed me with the disign , the specs & the price .
0	The depth adjustment was sloppy.
1	The blue light also makes this player one of the most fashionable in the market also.  
1	The 6600 has more ameneties than most - World phone, Camera (VGA/zoom/night mode/timer), Video (w/ audio & zoom), Speaker (good sound), Bluetooth, infrared, Modem for computers, electronic wallet, Internet access, Calendar, calculator, converter and more.
1	i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased . 
1	Creative Media Source is very easy to use once you get the hang of it, and the file transfers are fast.  
1	 Piece of cake to set up .
1	Another 5 star performance. 
1	surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available . 
0	it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation . 
1	first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
1	 The speaker arived in excellent condition .
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the best documentation.  
1	 Yes , the buttons are a bit small and close , but they are functional .
1	1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its progam and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings . 
1	The program is fully featured, with much of what you'd want from a security program --
0	Again, this is a design flaw in the headphone!
1	to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod . 
1	 As a final comment I am happy with the D-Link DIR-655 so far and my home wireless connections are smooth whether I 'm using my ASUS netbook or Apple iPad .
0	When I finally got it working, it only worked properly for many a month.
1	basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used . 
0	 Only issue is with updating firmware .
1	Works perfectly with my netgear wireless PCMCIA. 
1	my first impression was positive . 
1	one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software . 
1	the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive . 
1	They were easy to setup with plenty of power to hog through anything I have encountered.
1	The 6600 (T-Mobile) is the true 'world phone' in that it has the mhz to operate around the globe, including New Zealand and Australia (900) whereas the  6620 (available from Cingular) replaces it w/ 800mhz (some refer to as 850).
1	overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera . 
1	The SD500 software install was seamless and the product documentation is very detailed. 
1	For the person that uses the equipment every day, pay the extra and get a reliable & safer unit.
1	6600 looks and feels nice.
1	i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed . 
1	 Thanks to Amazon 's amazing return policy , I was able to return the product at no loss on my part .
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	Within one month, my player completely died. 
1	Awesome for the newbie, though I personally like to fasten every bolt myself.  
1	this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! 
1	I've yet to find the limitation for this Hitachi (my only Hitachi tool, by the way) and quite frankly, I don't know that I have the muscle to push this machine any harder.
0	apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone . 
0	i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
1	It fits comfortably in my shirt pocket and while very well-designed, doesn't look to ostentatious while I'm walking around with it.  
0	However, it needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all in the car, for example.
0	The only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full.
1	I find that it is stable in my hands and its' weight actually contributes to that stability.
1	 Hooked it worked like a charm , great picture , bright colors and very light weight .
0	 I felt the system was slow so I purchased a 4gb ram from crucell and replaced the standard 2gb that came with the system .
1	this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) . 
1	price ! 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model . 
0	If you currently own the 2003 version, and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version, don't.
1	first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good .. . 
1	 It was really easy to set up out of the box and I got all my wireless devices -LRB- 2 laptops , 1 desktop and 2 smartphones -RRB- connected to the internet in minutes .
1	We keep the Diaper Champ in our daughter's nursery and her room definitely does NOT smell like dirty diapers.
1	this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records . 
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	 halfway through the firmware upgrade progress bar , the infamous browser `` Page not found '' screen replaced most of the router 's interface .
1	 Definitely more capable of filling the room with sound than any other computer speakers I 've owned .
0	It constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like WALLS in our house block the link so everything is very slow.  
0	third , the poor design continues with the case . 
1	 After seeing and hearing the sound of the I-Tour Pop speaker , I was sold .
0	Stay away from this junk. 
1	its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen . 
0	 There technical service isn't helpful either; they just read what's on their website and charge you $50 (+ toll fees) to do it.
1	The Zen was an impressive purchase and I would highly recommend it to anyone using Napster.  
0	it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
1	fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 . 
1	 I was looking for portability and good battery life and this product delivers both .
1	The router has plenty  of power for any type of bit or wood I need to cut, and the speed control  knob is easy to get to.
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
1	Creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and, yes, charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie.   
1	i love the quality of the pictures . 
1	But like I stated, its better then a trash can, but I'm not sure if its better then the Diaper Genie.
0	 The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the speakers on the monitor are a little weak , but that 's really to be expected is n't it ...
0	the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to . 
1	and really this is the best phone one could have . 
0	mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs . 
1	However, if there was one thing I liked about the creative, it would be the car adapter. 
0	Still has terrible software.  
0	 The sound is far from good and there 's a lot of interference mainly when doing any Wifi activity .
0	3 ) folders cannot be created for the audio files . 
1	if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	The Zen Micro is smaller than it looks in pictures, and feels very solid. 
0	well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) . 
1	the battery recharges ral fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice . 
1	while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones . 
0	2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it . 
0	the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
0	 We can start by losing the shiny miracle-material cover that you can literally scratch just by looking at it wrong, and thus eliminate the need for third-party "iSkin" protective covers for an extra thirty bucks.
1	 You can even use the ipod to store files from your pc and export your outlook files to it.
1	I've had nothing but good luck with T-Mobile.
1	just point and shoot and the photos were great . 
0	2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead . 
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
1	I've been incredibly happy with this camera.
1	 Still for the price you ca n't find better for the cost .
0	also , the instruction manual is very bad . 
1	The radio and voice recording are nice. 
1	overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! 
0	( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format . 
1	VERY smal.
1	 The operation with the increased memory option was flawless with the Windows 7 Home Professional instaled otherwise other netbooks with Windows 7 Starter doesnt allow , and nobody mention this .
1	there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
1	i love all of the features , and presets as well . 
1	 They sound really good just as the reviews say .
1	The soft start is a tremendous help for this type of operation.
0	Among its weak points is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
0	finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best . 
1	 Good battery life !
0	the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be . 
1	It has an exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested. 
1	removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years . 
1	even did while daughter sleep and no noise!
0	If this machine just stops on you, unplug it quickly and get out of the way!
1	the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it . 
1	7 picture quality is excellent . 
1	I give this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
1	the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) . 
1	The pictures are beautiful, and the camera is so small you can carry it anywhere.
1	i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class . 
1	 Would definatley recommend to a friend and its volume can fill a small house for such a small speaker system .
1	The songs recorded with FM are as good as the original signal. 
0	It is hot enough to be annoying.
1	i highly recommend a nokia 6610 . 
1	simple to use and hook up . 
0	First, it serious, serious installation problems.
1	Overall I'm incredibly impressed with my new Zen Touch. 
0	 For my work this panel is unusable .
1	I feel much less likely to drop this phone than others, which are actually starting to get too small.
1	 This router is the best I have used to date .
1	Setup is totally breeze and Linksys's web site is pretty easy to navigate.  
1	Plus, the fact that it used regular trash bags is great.
0	the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
0	It's important that people know the following:  First, the interface is slow.
0	The battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use.
1	the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
1	This is an excellent router for the price.
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of this past August), and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
1	 Our connection and speed immediately soared once it was online and our network was set up .
1	The white-LED backlit LCD is very bright and crisp, even in sunlight, and relatively easy on the battery.
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
0	i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered . 
1	The stand that comes with it is very useful to prop it up on the desk. 
0	its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) . 
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
1	 The sound quality is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the controls are generally well thought out. 
0	The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend.
1	Fits well in hand in trouser pockets.   
1	The extra Gb is just a bonus.  
1	 Sound quality is great , bass quality is beyond good .
1	I never get dropped calls.
1	On the whole, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
0	The best thing to do with this version, is to leave it on the store shelf. It doesn't work, and will cost you an enormous amount of your time, not to mention your hard earned dollars.
0	* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ). 
0	You must keep double checking depths.
1	The 6600 was the best phone I could find with these options that I could get with t-mobile.
1	Seems to work great.
1	 All in all , this is a very good option for anyone who has a small portable computer and wants a lapdesk and external speakers .
1	 I set it up in my living room and the sound was superb .
1	But since it's so small, it isn't a big deal to bring it with me.  
0	i am bored with the silver look . 
1	way less expensive than the ipod . 
1	It looks nice and sleek and the blue background light looks awesome against the black. 
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ). 
1	with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality . 
1	it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist . 
0	it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
0	Both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day at best. 
1	the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did . 
1	I think it's great.
0	video output stopped workin . 
1	the combination of the price , storage size , and player features makes this player the best on the market . 
1	it's easier and much more convenient to use because it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to mention expensive) refills.
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
0	only one disk played through to completion successfully . 
1	the software is great . 
1	it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into . 
0	Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
0	All in all, not very good.
0	The only con I can think of is the lack of a mega-pixel camera.
0	we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but cannot be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use . 
1	 Harmon international has done a great job on all of these equipment , the AVR 525 produces crystal clear sound with excellent clarity .
0	For example, in auto mode you can't use the flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
1	much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate 
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
1	the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) . 
0	 The buttons are confusing and super small .
1	Power for the tech-savvy, ease of use for the less fortunate. 
1	The blue backlight is pretty cool. 
0	all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since . 
1	3. The Nokia 6600 has a brilliant Java interface.
0	audio on video also lacking . 
1	This is truly a Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	great phone , i 'd buy another . 
1	the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing . 
0	As I wrote, this COULD have been a great product, but expect hidden charges (read gross profiteering and price gouging) as the company royally sticks you on every conceivable accessory necessary for normal daily usage.     
1	I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
1	This is one of the best purchases we made.
0	 The internal network still functioned , but it would not pass through the internet signal from the cable modem .
1	The Zen plays mp3, wma and wave formats, which makes it more versatile than the Ipod. 
1	this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! 
0	8- Buttons are little, but If you have steady fingers and dealed with a casio wirst calculator watch, you can deal with almost anything.
1	So far it all works fine with either cable or wireless connections.  
1	The phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display, long rundown time and a good software suite.
1	Well, I have an Ipod mini - and I really like it, but all in all, I like the Zen Micro more.
1	you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right . 
1	Using your own bags is much cheaper and convenient.
0	software - the software is crap . 
1	 That is surface stuff , but the speed and memory is very good .
0	Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not use their products with Napster's services. 
0	There were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
1	A huge beautiful color screen which can not been scratched at all even with the rough handling i give it.
1	so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos . 
0	the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . " 
1	2 ) storage capacity 
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture . 
1	the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s . 
0	also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate . 
1	i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy . 
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
1	 The rechargeable battery is a great feature .
0	I thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time.
0	the included memory card is too small . 
0	The little bag it comes with is cheap and useless.  
1	The voice recorder is a beautiful add-on; not even necessary, but just an example of why Apple just wants your money and Creative Labs wants to make a better player. 
0	the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have . 
1	On the contrary, I'm quite pleased with my upgrade.
1	There is an open-source firmware on the net which has tons of extra features.  
1	I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
0	Next, the big reason not to buy ANY Norton product:  If there's a problem with it, Norton charges $30 to even tell them about it.
1	 The!  sound quality is great. 
1	 These speakers have great sound but they will buzz if you leave them on with the sound turned up .
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, and he helped solve the problem. 
1	another good thing is that this camera seems to introduce much less noise in dark places than others i 've seen . 
0	The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
1	A great camera, but here are some points which I don't notice in most of the reviews here, which may be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer:
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only connect at 802.11b speeds and not 802.11g. 
1	 Billy Joel was n't kidding when he said you get more mileage from a cheep pair of speakers .
1	it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features . 
1	the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it . 
0	you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight Camera shake is a problem to contend with. 
0	 I am having the same problem with the router dropping connection every few minutes .
1	I use it in the table (never take the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
1	1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want . 
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
1	If I had to do it over, I wouldn't buy anything else.
1	5 stars all the way!
1	One cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem.
0	 They said the product was defective and said they would send a new one .
1	This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper).
1	 Sharp image .
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
1	 It costs me about 640 $ so you should be gratefull that the pricess in the states much lower .
1	I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
1	 The woofer is much larger .
1	Don't worry this player rocks.  
1	i highly recommend it . 
1	Especially the LCD is big and the camera quality is among the very best around.
0	the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect . 
1	Finding all the albums, songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig (well 18 gig) worth of music.
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
0	Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
1	You have the option to have the flash automatic or off.
0	the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable . 
1	On the T-Mobile service I was able to take pics as we drove across I-70 and email them to family & friends once we reached a T-Mobile tzone (usually a major city).
1	The display and brightness on this phone is quite extraordinary.
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
1	my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems . 
1	 The speakers look nice and are easy to use .
0	 My only complaint to date is that it dropped the security settings once and I am not sure why ; do n't know if it was something that I did or if it was a malfunction of the router .
1	if you are looking for a phone to integrate as easily as the sonyericsson phones with iSync, i say stick with a sonyericsson.
0	On occasion I'm not able to connect to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but I found that rebooting the phone seems to solve this problem.
1	overall it is the best camera on the market . 
1	 Made call which was immediately answered by very helpful , competent tech .
0	I left the camera in my car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
1	i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review . 
0	will never purchase apex again . 
0	The way you have to shove your fingers under it and pull is just too tight.
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features, and I look forward to the Nomad/Zen line of products seizing more market share as people begin to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
0	- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it . 
0	I will also say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture.
0	i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
1	great camera , great investment ! 
0	the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb . 
1	i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy . 
1	Creating and modifying playlists is easy and clean.  
0	The LCD screen is too small since there are so many cameras that have larger ones.
1	6. Play Gameboy Color games on it with GoBoy.
0	the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network . 
0	Then, my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone.
1	The photo quality is amazing. 
1	the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there . 
0	i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable . 
1	 It 's so small , but big value Mac .
1	before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there . 
1	Less than a cheap cordless drill or a laminate trimmer.
0	What this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for DIFFERENT OPERATING SYSTEMS!
0	i tried called apex cust service , no help . 
1	there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization . 
1	it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! 
1	we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken . 
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync.
1	other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips . 
1	this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it . 
1	great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price . 
1	Everything shines of quality.  
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the pad even lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
1	 Really easy to use.
0	I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
1	 This small size speaker system pumps out great sounds with most MP3 players , including Sansas and Ipods .
1	when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light . 
1	 Hi , I just got this , and let me tell you is an awsome monitor , Size , looking and 3d is awsome good with this LCD .
0	 Conclusion : I was ready to pay the shipping to return the speakers the day I got them .
0	i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) . 
0	the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) . 
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
1	And I must say...this MP3 is very cool.  
1	i liked this one enough to buy another . 
0	same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing . 
0	 Paid more than what amazon is currently selling this router at -LRB- price depression due to poor quality no doubt -RRB- and expected to get a good quality product ... these random disconnects kills it for me .
0	his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
1	It holds quite a few diapers, and pops them in quickly and easily.
0	The price is $... more.
1	If you want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and you don't need or want manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, but when lowering the router, I have to practically pull it down while turning the knob.
1	 The iPod is a very nice product, which given reasonable care, should give a lot of service.      
0	in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control . 
1	now that i own it , however , i can 't imagine being without it ! 
1	  Apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in making quality equipment, and surprisingly wasn't as expensive as its reputation normally holds.  
1	It has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside.  
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	Bottom line: If you value excellent sound quality and the ability to use music subscription services, and are willing to deal with the possibility (not the certainty) of setup gremlins, by all means get the Zen Micro.     
1	It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great toy to keep near you at all times for snapshots.
1	it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly . 
0	 *The ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily. 
1	 We own two sets of these -LRB- black -RRB- and I am very pleased with the performance of the these compact speakers , especially at the low price these sell for here on Amazon .
1	the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class . 
0	depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive . 
1	We use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have laying around.
1	 Color and contrast are perfect for my needs .
1	1) The champ is easy to use.
1	the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection . 
1	it is lightweight , sleek and attractive . 
1	I recently bought the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the router itself. 
1	 After much delay I received my Acer Netbook Aspire One and I can teell you I am very satisfied with this computer , is very pretty , well finished , high quality , so quiet , not heated than other netbook or at least I think it is within in normal ranges , the keyboard is very smooth and very well laid out , the screen functions are very practical in a nutshell is an excellent buy and I am very pleased with the purchase , I recommend it .
1	 The device itself is pretty solid .
0	Their site offers no live help at all.
0	transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 . 
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
1	this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial . 
0	 I wanted the product to work soo bad , but it just did n't .
0	you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck 
1	In conclusion, this player is beautiful. 
1	i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime . 
1	3) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias gives you a great degree of control.
1	 Fits perfectly in the corner of my small desk !!
1	it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market . 
1	It's still alive, still kicking, and still playing.   
1	 The changing colors help to tell , with a quick glance .
0	there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) . 
0	These people takes lest effort to process rebate forms.
0	after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent . 
1	This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to:
1	i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of . 
1	I love this phone.
1	the radio feature has superb sound quality . 
0	the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device . 
1	it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds . 
1	it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix . 
0	only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing . 
1	This player is fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
0	 I spent 4 hours on that and I could n't connect to the internet .
0	also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order . 
0	4) The camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away.
1	this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket . 
1	i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer ! 
1	i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box . 
1	It also has a voice recorder and FM radio that you can only get on an Ipod if you but an adapter seperately. 
1	I wanted this product because i didn't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended.
0	it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras . 
1	My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "whine" during video, and my pictures are razor sharp. 
1	sending the unit to the company of purchase which costs about $90), the ability to record with a built-in microphone (great for recording reminders and meetings), very sturdy construction, and not to mention...the sound quality is excellent!  
1	still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! 
1	The software with the iPod includes iTunes, which allows you to play the music on your computer, rip CDs onto your computer, and move your music from the computer to the iPod. 
1	Also, you have to use it with iTunes - or they'll sue, dammit!  But iTunes is about as good as anything. 
1	for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player . 
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	The iPod mini is smaller and sexier, albeit limited in supported formats and the Rio Karma is a far better value.  
0	i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust . 
1	I bought this little guy a few weeks back, and I have to saythat I never had so much fun with a new toy as this.
1	THIS PRODUCT IS A LIFESAVER!!
0	A lot of "fragments" were left in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
1	The battery is also convenient, but could have been better, such as the Zen Touch's battery (but at least this one is removable).    
0	I dont use the belt clip cuz it fails to hold the player securely (design problem). 
0	It is not a perfect product but it does have a lot going for it.  
1	This router has soft start and runs smooth and true.
1	well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) . 
1	 The Audio Cube is great .
0	it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got . 
1	i am very pleased so far . 
1	Your choice of ten colors in a beatiful package.  
1	i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy . 
1	 This Wonderful product was easy to unbox and install !!
1	No more banner ads, pop-ups, and the reliable antivirus.
1	I prefer things that are simple.
0	the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq . 
1	While they all seem to have their own positives and negatives, I picked the Zen Micro over the Ipod mini, because I am not an Apple person, never has been - I wanted something that is fully compatible with Windows Media Player. 
0	so, right out of the box i had issue.
1	i enthusiastically recommend this camera . 
1	Its stable, so a curious toddler can't easily tip it over.
1	unarguably better than Apple's, and nice earbuds to boot.  
0	The only other problem was that security for the wireless connection.  
1	this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways . 
0	The customer support is pathetic.
1	The file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use. 
1	The touchpad is great once you get used to it, and I much prefer it to standard buttons or scroll wheels (as on the Dell DJ for example). 
0	The flaw is inside the Zen. 
0	it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " . 
0	Why would anyone buy this when you can get a 20GB iPod that will hold 4 times the number of songs (and even MORE if AAC encoding is used) for the same price???  
1	its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake . 
1	you can record your voice and turn it into a ringtone.
1	the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro . 
1	i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images . 
1	The I-Pod is the best thing I have ever used. 
1	This is my first MP3 player and I am so impressed with what such a small device can do.  
1	I still need to read up on some of the security settings, etc to fully understand all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installation was like night and day compared to the Speedboost router. 
1	These tasks are faster and easier than in prior versions, and I found the menu to be much more navigable.
1	this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera . 
1	It was a very quick setup and installation, in fact the disc that it comes with pretty much makes sure you cant mess it up. 
1	i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com. 
1	 I spent 1.5 hours on the phone with their Tech Support -LRB- you get connected right away and do n't have to wait -RRB- and got at least my iMac and MacBook back online .
1	 and the sound well there is no complaints about that .
1	- large easy readable screen 
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
1	touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct . 
1	I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
1	overall an excellent phone . 
0	The hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as I am now using medium diapers (I have a 3 month old) and they're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact I make then and how un-soiled they are.
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
0	5) Video recorder is of no use and one cannot record something useful in 10 seconds and it takes a while to send the same through the "Free picture and video messaging" offered by service provider.
1	The back of the player is nice too, with water ripples inside the clear white coating.  
1	it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features . 
0	it has never worked . 
1	 Without a doubt I would say that these speakers have the same sound quality as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be played without a power outlet , I love that feature -RRB- .
0	when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there : 
1	You just can't go wrong with this one!
1	i love this camera . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
0	Avoid this product at all costs.
0	this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before . 
1	 Speed tests showed that the wireless speeds were comparable to those of my home wireless router when using my home broadband cable modem as input .
0	even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out . 
1	it takes great pictures . 
0	Some adjustments in the settings could help make it better.
0	the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens . 
1	This camera is great, wonderfully small, and has attactive hi-tech casing.
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on.
0	 I would not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except perhaps my ex .
1	i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear . 
1	 This unit comes with the USB/firewire cable as a standard item now. 
1	Give each friend a different ringtone.
0	There were no other obvious setup instructions - though there was a softcopy manual, it did not give an answer readily on what do to.  
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
1	It has raised the bar owing to number of features it offers and the absolute ease of use delight.
1	it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well . 
1	i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me . 
0	If you have an older version of "Internet Security" installed, you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with SystemWorks install.
0	the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
1	Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions. 
1	i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	3.  Bags are easy to change.
1	 An excellent product with excellent and typically superb Logitech production values .
1	The menu is easy to use and understand. 
0	I'd give it  5 stars if the automatic modes were better and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes.
1	I purchased this router at a woodworking show after watching the CMT people using it to demo their bits and was impressed how it performed.
0	It barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
1	Neat feature for self-timer allows you to record two different warnings. 
0	Too bad they don't mention anything about how the CD can't be used with a Mac. 
0	(I never know when the Champ is full as there is no way too tell.  Even though not particularly aesthetic, how about making the Champ clear and see-through?) So, I lift the lid and find a wad of diaper, which I must remove, usually stuck inside the lid itself because the bag is too full.
1	So for the money it costs for one of those top-of-the-line models I've got a good router & a nice table to put it in & I like that.
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
1	Nokia makes great phones, and this one is the cream of the crop.
0	The sliding latch is does not stay in place.
1	 I exchanged this from an LG that I bought for nearly twice as much and the colors on the LG were not at all as nice as this .
0	With the PlungeLIFT all my bit changing has been done above the table, although I still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock (and, of course, the speed and ON/OFF controls).
0	2 ) scroll button / switch 
1	they look fantastic . 
1	It's easy and really works, with some incredible range.  
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
1	the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) . 
1	Very good "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and takes quality photos.
1	the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods . 
0	I got about 700 loaded up before it told me I was full, and at that point, I was ready to toss it out the window.   
1	 This product is amazing !!!
1	compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use . 
0	the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers . 
1	When the router is working it is a very nice machine for the money.
0	The biggest red flag for me was the fact that although my cousin's player was relatively new, it was riddled with scratches.
0	you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
0	although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product . 
1	the software you get with this camera is perfect . 
1	I would have given this phone 5 stars if it wasn't for the fact that I would rather use my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a phone.
1	overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
0	Shortly after I brought it, the plunging shafts started sticking.
1	the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly . 
0	It was a Symantec error.
0	this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues . 
0	the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) . 
1	 It has very good range -- much better than the Linksys router it replaced .
1	 The bass is solid and can be quite impressive if turned up .
1	playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options . 
1	Other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won't disappoint any already established Nokia phone fans.
1	Also, the WMA compression format is superior to MP3, especially at lower bit rates, so I needed a player that could handle WMA and integrate well with my Windows XP computers.  
0	Of course one of the first things I did was write an email to the customer support at Creative, through their website, and by the time they finally got back to me - several working days later when they promise only one - their suggestions were completely worthless. 
1	finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy . 
1	i am very pleased with its quality and durability . 
1	 Convenience because it works through the USB port .
0	I had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the Norton firewall vs. the windows firewall, and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because I did not have a "customer priority ID number."
1	 I am using them in my office , and they generally sound good .
1	Outside of the T-Mobile service area the phone seamlessly jumped onto AT&T Wireless and various other services where the T-Mobile service was unavailable.
0	6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
1	Long live Apple, long live Macs, and long live the Ipod!     
1	the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line . 
0	The box included a little polyester, pull-string BAG, (yes, you read right a BAG, something a boy would carry ten marbles in) and tries to pass it off as the case. 
1	 The sound quality is very exceptable .
1	our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
1	the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies . 
0	player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 . 
1	usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast . 
1	I had a Casio unit, which had given great service, and would have been happy to get another one, but was tempted by the iPod's sleek design, storage capacity, connection options- - firewire and USB, and its integration with iTunes.   
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
1	Despite a critical start, this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do (which is pretty lofty)... does more than most... does it well... is dependable.
1	1 ) price / gb of storage 
1	the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing . 
1	for the price it is a well spent investment ! 
1	 Very sturdy and strong.
0	* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window . 
1	 <p> I am very happy about my investment and the quality service of Amazon and J&R store .
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
1	second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer . 
0	in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place . 
1	this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product . 
1	in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range . 
1	putting in MP3 player, lots of games and application to download.
1	 It also has a 10 year warranty , which is just icing on the cake .
1	this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time . 
0	i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous ! 
0	I've since replaced it with a pair of black Sennheisers... Not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable, but are too similar to iPod's and can target iPod theives here in NYC. 
0	cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners . 
0	i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
0	i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
0	remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons . 
1	i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results . 
1	We just recently had to buy another roll of bags. SO $6.00 for a year of bags- can't beat that!!
1	And the biggest plus is that you don't have to buy any expensive refills.
1	 I have no problem at all recommending these stands .
1	if you haven't noticed, they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer. 
1	4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price . 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working . 
0	I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
0	The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
1	I would however highly recommend the m12v router !
0	Recenly the variable speed control went out.
0	when the player was working it was great ,but . 
1	 Great Coverage .
1	This router works at 54Mbps that's megabyte not kilobyte. 
1	even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good . 
1	There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
0	It seemed as if we were empting the pail everyday and it was in no way odorless.
1	 Just an average user getting good value in this product .
1	 This is a good product .
1	About the product:  The Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish device that caters not just to "hip" youngsters but to people of all walks of life who like to listen on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
1	the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with . 
1	 The speakers themselves sound really good .
1	I've had it for about a week now and have to say it's one of the best purchases I've ever made.  
0	 However , when you unplug the computer it beeps .
0	 The main problems for me is that the dsub cord from the sub to the control station is too short .
1	it will read and play all cd audio disc . 
1	All of this said [as it's on it's way back to Amazon], the one song it did include provided far better sound than the IPOD. 
0	Also, the earbuds that came with it sound great but are uncomfortable (although my wife didn't have a problem), so I bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones.  
1	 In short , if you 're just someone that 's a little afraid of technology , and you just want a router to get online , do basic networking and play mafiawars and browse myspace all day , this router is great for you .
0	i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable . 
0	4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras . 
0	As a loyal customer of Norton/Symantec products, I purchased Internet Security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product (and hence the one star rating).
1	its really cool . 
1	 The second set is working just fine .
0	-User's guide doesn't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website. 
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
0	if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they cannot be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders . 
1	what a kick butt Mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source, instead of paying for them two or three times, then get the Creative Zen IPOD killer, kiss my ass Itunes!
1	With the right firmware, drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive.  
1	 Here are my observations : Pros : + Folding ; these have a very clever design that allows them to fold in to a small cube for easy transporting + Good Sound ; produces fairly good sound at all but the highest volume levels -LRB- see `` Cons '' , below -RRB- , at least to my untrained ear + Universal Connector ; the unit uses a standard mini connector , so this can be used with all of MP3 players + Power Options ; comes with a USB power cable or it can use 4 x AAA batteries .
1	 Both are absolutely great items .
1	Also, it takes any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
0	It is buggy, slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user.
1	I'd say that this camera is perfect.
0	The battery power discharges rapidly especially on using the web browser.
1	the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size . 
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
1	We lysol the champ every time we change the bag out and have not had any problems.
0	finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
0	 My biggest problem with this speaker is the incompatibility with my 2nd generation iPod Nano .
1	7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big deal.
1	 - If you want loud , boomy bass , this does the job very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are n't going to hit as hard as larger power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as nice as or better than many home theater woofers I 've heard -RRB- .
1	in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great ! 
1	zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player . 
0	Now, the player's ear phone jack is not working - I have to send it away again.  
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely bright screen and its design allows the placement in an area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' screens will not fit in .
1	in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode . 
0	some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today . 
0	the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well . 
0	The new drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but try them if you want they have made me have to use the backup software.
1	A decent camera phone for taking quick pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with.
0	Last, i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this. 
0	The number buttons are crammed into a 3x4cm area, the fonts are small, the interface is too convoluted and frustrating, it's not that customisable as well.
1	 The sounds were as the movie directors intended .
0	canon 's g3 does it consistently . 
1	Other than that, the simbian series 60 OS is great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you're willing to hunt for it.
1	if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order . 
0	5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing . 
1	whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio . 
1	 Portable .
1	settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints . 
1	actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated . 
1	great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes 
0	apex does n't answer the phone . 
0	Stay away from this product!
1	it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily . 
1	I've only had this camera for a few days, but it's been great. 
1	this is quite simply the best you can ask for . 
1	overall , i highly recommend this phone . 
1	The startup time, quality of pictures and videos is outstanding.
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
0	I find the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a mess, the mess gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
1	it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar . 
1	i checked out the amazon reviews and i 'm pleased to say mine worked , works , fine right out of the box . 
0	 Also, not liking the gel case. 
0	the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day . 
1	  Overall the iPod really is an almost flawless beast. The capacity in the 20 GB is more than I think most people would ever need and, for the price, I highly recommend it.
1	I actually took a friends word on it and went with this Champ when registering and I am glad I did.
0	every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes . 
1	 Set up went pretty well and things seemed good .
1	the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me . 
0	when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door . 
1	for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price . 
0	 -LRB- lost internet connection with the router , internet service was restored when the computer was connected directly to the modem -RRB- .
1	Likewise, I've heard Norton 2004 PROFESSIONAL version is fine too.
1	 The Satellites are good but the corsair is more responsive and clean .
0	 First of all , I disagree with any suggestions that the bass on this system is boomy in a bad way .
1	Few month ago, it's very popular among my community.
1	Pros: - Excellent sound, even with the headphones that come out of the box, but it absolutely rocked with my Bose Quietcomfort 2 set. 
1	 This product is definitely worth the purchase .
1	 Pros : - Great Sound - Sleek cool look - Compact - Comes with RCA adapter - Speakers all swivel so they can be wall mounted Cons : - Mainly for PC only -LRB- but works fairly well with TV 's -RRB- - Wattage is n't all that high - No immediate line in -LRB- so you ca n't hook your MP3 player up and get SRS right out of the box -RRB- I 've heard a bunch of people say that the cord 's for the rear speakers are n't long enough .
0	after scouring the various boards i find this is an arbitrary and pervasive problem.
1	 This is a very nice monitor , matte black and built-in speakers .
1	I really liked the price...
1	it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual . 
1	this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier . 
1	since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) . 
0	My friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself is better than anything creative has made.
1	This way I never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, I can get whatever I want.
1	The Zen lives up to the audio quality I love and expect.  
0	 Technical support rude and unhelpful .
1	I can use it as a modem for my computer, connect with clients and friends, the possibilities are endless.
1	the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files . 
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
1	A wise investment for the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
0	 Their products are super expensive , especially to get them fixed .
0	 I 've been playing Minecraft on it and multi tasking at the same time , and while it does run slower while multi-tasking , the gaming experience is not compromised for me .
1	I compared it to other CD players (Two models of Panasonic, Rio & samsung) and they were no way even near Zen Micro.  
1	you can do other different things with it such as choose what kind of " now playing " interface , you can see the interface as modern or classical . 
0	 Do n't buy this monitor !
0	one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu . 
1	i find this to be a great feature . 
1	the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides . 
1	with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great . 
1	The range is terrific, I am using this for my home and I was transferring at 50+mbs from my backyard.
1	The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas.
1	the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer . 
0	you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
1	The view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the computer. 
0	I'm an advocate of Nokia , but this phone and the following models (7610) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
1	It is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great.
0	all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift . 
1	i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs . 
1	small size . 
0	apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands . 
0	Sometimes, various applications crash.
1	 These monitors are great for the price .
1	8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets . 
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
1	even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
1	This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
1	4. Play N-Gage games on it.
0	but, i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment.
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
1	 Awesome sound system .
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
0	Another thing I don't like is that some of the features take 1-2 seconds to load up. 
0	i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc . 
1	the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures . 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
1	This product is way cooler than anything Ive used before (PcCillins and McCafees and Norton Antivirus alone).
1	i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players . 
1	 Pros : Competitive Cost Win 7 Home premium HDMI port -LRB- I could watch the Amazon instant videos on my HDTV and its delivering great .
1	the storage capacity is great for me -- 
1	On top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable, it is just a plunge router that works really well.
0	it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman . 
1	And so far, I have been very, very happy with my Zen Micro. 
1	After getting used to the M12 all the rest seemed lacking.
1	it's a great looking, easy-to-use device but it's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better than my Sony mini-disc player.  
0	the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing . 
0	it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack . 
1	The software is very easy to use, and the transfer is super fast!  
0	it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error . 
0	IRiver has a better FM receiver built in, but the drawback to IRiver products is they are flimsy and poorly constructed. 
1	They say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact. 
0	The product also leaves a faint smell in the room.  
1	 This product is hard to beat at any price .
0	 Its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily, not great from a cosmetic standpoint.  
1	i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive . 
1	Update I knew that I loved the champ, and useing the diaper genie at a friend's house REALLY reinforced that!
0	i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included . 
1	 It was easy to install all of the components and directions were easy to understand , even for an old guy like me .
0	the general button placement is not very user friendly . 
0	My biggest concern is that I have found Nokia phones lower quality construction to lead to lower prices, but they also don't last as long.
1	For the hobbiest, it's probably a nice buy.
0	BLUETOOTH DOES NOT WORK ON THIS PHONE.
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
0	After repeatly cleaning and recleaning, it still stuck after using it for a little while.
1	If your looking for a great sounding mini player, you can't go wrong with the Zen Micro.     
1	they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use . 
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
1	rks almost without fail, no matter what your taste in music is: From relaxation music to hard rock, to hip hop, to Korean and Japanese, to Afro-Cuban and Salsa, Jazz, Blues, Country and Pop, this feature performs well. 
0	First thing I noticed was that the creative wasn't well made. 
1	the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) . 
0	Otherwise, get a smaller single speed router, which will be much easier to use freehand and is all you need for smaller diameter bits.
0	there was neither picture nor sound . 
1	It can not be the computer or the owner, since I purchased McAfee Anti-Virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems.
1	i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power . 
0	Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong!
1	 You can stop looking : This is the best n-router you will find today -LRB- I am writing this on 03 Nov 2011 -RRB- .
0	we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked . 
1	sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening ! 
1	I'd be happy to talk to anyone about this camera. 
0	i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad . 
1	This phone has the best battery, it lasts longer then my old 3210
0	 While upgrading the memory the keyboard connector broke .
0	 Range was comparable to , or possibly slightly worse than the old Linksys router I had been using for years .
1	All in all, this is a great phone.
1	It was also the most appealing.   
1	for the most part this is a good dvd player . 
0	I've have many Nokia's and while this is the best for features, it's the worst as a phone.
0	Once it froze so bad I couldn't even use the power button to turn it off, and had to open and take out the battery.
1	I have come across many other beginner cameras that I prefer over this camera, but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size.
1	Why bother when it works perfectly with Media Player 10?  
1	I love this camera!
0	I tried to call Norton, and the only numbers they list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
1	- well-backlit keypad 
1	 The router has 4port 1gig Ethernet switch and wireless Access point AP -RRB- 802.11 n Working flawlessly !
1	I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it.
0	so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly . 
1	 This router works fine and I am able to stream video in all rooms of the house at the same time .
1	really happy with this little camera . 
1	This makes for a great phone.
0	I also removed the springs in the plunge  tubes to make it easier to raise.
1	i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
1	I was more excited about this player upon opening than I was about the Nomad.  
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
0	 I tried to use these with my laptop -LRB- Dell Inspiron 1720 -RRB- but could n't get rid of the buzzing noise others have mentioned , no matter how far I moved them from the computer or where I plugged them in .
1	we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome . 
0	Diapers can get stuck when turned around if you don't tightly wrap them first. 
1	And the phone has a very cool feature wich allows you to send images via a normal POP3/SMTP e-mail account.
0	 After that , the router would never even respond to its own internal browser link .
1	 These speakers are incredibly amazing .
0	 Especially due to the odd sized plug designed by D-Link .
0	i think this is it 's biggest flaw . 
0	there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board . 
1	It works with a minimum of fuss.
1	Diaper Champ is by far the best diaper pail!
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	3. Play Java games on it.
1	i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything . 
1	 Apart from being very easy to install , and the excellent music quality , what I really find fascinating is discovering new artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
1	This is a quality product, not to be confused with teh cheap junk that Hitachi gets manufactured in China.
1	this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve . 
1	great colors , pictures and white balance . 
0	Even though I have the parental controls off it constantly starts updating them then freezes my computer.
1	I am impressed with this camera inside and out.
0	That's when it went from Oderless, to ODEROUS!
1	The interface, while a bit confusing at first, is very easy to navigate after about 15 minutes.  
1	the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors . 
1	The nokia 6600 is a great phone, good games, good camera.
0	unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs . 
1	transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad . 
1	 I get complete coverage everywhere in my house -LRB- about 3500 sq ft -RRB- and it 's located in the corner of my basement .
1	However, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should answer any questions about the operational features of the Zen Micro. 
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
0	unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks . 
1	Take quick pictures with excelent resolution
0	I sent it back, as I think that the speed control is either poorly designed or defective.
0	The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject.
1	UNLIKE other reviewers, I like the tool because it is easy to operate outside of the router table.
1	I think that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is pretty good.  
1	 I 'm very satisfied with it especially for he price .
1	the movie mode is also working great . 
1	The M12V has been great.
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
1	I upgraded from NIS 2003, and the change in performance has not been noticeable.
1	 I am very happy with this product and the price was very reasonable given its features and specifications .
1	 As of this review I am using the router and it is working very nicely .
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
1	 Most products will last if taken care of , and Logitech 's products are no exception to this rule , however , since they are somewhat , in fact a great deal more sturdy , than my old radio .
1	extremely convenient . 
0	However, in my mind, $299 is a lot to pay for a device that will only last 18 MONTHS. 
1	i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product . 
1	It's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in Europe are quite reasonable.
0	it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment . 
0	 I usually avoid horns but I do n't hear anything overly extreme .
0	only if we could get one camera in it . . 
1	The SD500 rivals the Canon G6 in image quality. 
1	 These speakers are great .
1	I love this product!
0	I tried it again this morning and it said I didn't have the required "permissions" and lacked proper administrator status.
1	then sorting the files is easy as pie . 
1	seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want . 
1	the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine . 
0	nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now . 
1	 Great color display , sharp picture , and just the right size for my desk .
1	 I really enjoy this product .
0	the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot . 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	Again, every review written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
0	to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder . 
1	It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
1	I've had this phone for almost a year now and it has been nothing but great to use.
1	As it turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	This camera is so light and tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
1	*holds a LOT of diapers--a full week of toddler diapers!
0	My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
0	They said they would refund all the money, but a month later, they tell me now the back-up disc is not refundable as its cost is purely handling and shipping - $15 to "handle" and ship a CD? --and they have been indignant and combative on the phone and in emails.
1	Norton's memory usage on systems with 512 MB is very low.
1	The smooth operation variable speed and a set of good Jasada Bits will provide just the right combination for great predictable results.
1	many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me . 
0	I must say, this one is quite slow to open an application.
1	So the pretty solid router all around good for the money  here's the link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
0	 LOOKS AND DURABILITY: I realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface.  
0	 I 've viewed numerous different monitor models since I 'm a college student and this particular monitor had as poor of picture quality as any I 've seen .
0	No matter how accustomed to the phone you become, too much time is required to get to, open and close applications.
1	 As always , super quick shipping by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them . 
1	the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight . 
1	3 ) 4x zoom is nice 
0	customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them . 
0	the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad . 
1	This is my fourth Linksys product and, aside from the rough start, I'm very satisfied with this router.     
0	The major reasons I didn't give it a five are:  One, I didn't think the fine adjustment worked well.
0	the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use . 
0	I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
1	the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate . 
1	 It 's a really nice looking device and can be positioned horizontally or vertically .
0	 I am so tired of Netgear 's product quality & customer service that I would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone I know .
0	 The connection is not reliable and constantly dropped .
1	 Life is good .
1	I haven't tried to set up any advanced features on the router, but it is not difficult to set up for basic use.  
1	this camera also has a great feel and weight to it . 
1	Before you run out and buy an iPod, understand something: there are REASONS the Zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle, principally excellent (for MP3) sound quality.  
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is . 
0	the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated . 
0	Mine was so bad I had to to use a hammer to free it (and this is why I'm giving it 4, not 5 stars).
1	the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details . 
1	Gets nice sound too. 
0	 I could tell this was a `` cheap '' monitor as soon as I set it up .
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
1	I love the features on the iPod and the many things you can do with it. 
0	 I started accessing and transfering files to find it to be extremely SLOW .
0	only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon . 
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
1	I first used the router in the free hand mode and liked it a lot.
1	There is no odor and it is very easy to use.
1	You'll love it!
1	Sure, it slows it down a little, but that's expected.
1	 This monitor is much , much better but still not great .
1	At 128 the songs sound very good.  
1	 I love this little speaker .
1	I think the OS and controls are very well thought out and although I'll admit I was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the Micro, the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so. 
0	the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected . 
1	Excellent sound I mean the player has juice. 
1	Could be better to be a perfect camera (and some competitors do some of this better): purple fringing, details in high-light area, noise over ISO100, red-eyes, (few)processing artefacts, (few)loss of some details especially of the hairs of peoples in low light, automatic autofocus, whizing while video-playback, better video comression (smaler viedo-files), more manual controls, longer lasting battery, indicator for battery, better protection of the LCD, less weight. 
0	it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want . 
1	the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
0	i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse . 
0	It has the odd side effect of the buttons only partially working? 
1	 I thought it might possibly be the modem or ISP until I hooked the old trusty Linksys back up to it and it worked fine .
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular use)
0	 Problems with the sound quality were evident right away, but even I couldn't imagine they'd be that bad. 
0	I could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days!
1	the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool . 
1	also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player . 
1	 We count on good products at a good price .
0	 The range of response seems a little limited to me -LRB- changing the EQ setting on the iPod produces a definite change in the sound , but I would expect a little more richness in the changes -RRB- .
1	i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money . 
1	 They sound wonderful , in my opinion , and I have n't even touched any equalizers .
1	advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable . 
0	The phone must be shut down & taken apart to change the memory card... and turning the phone back on takes a little while.
0	I've searched the program and their online tech support (worthless) and have found no solutions.
0	forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds. 
1	great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great. 
1	If I could, I'd trade-up on my Creative Muvo2 and snag a Zen Micro tomorrow.  
1	for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some . 
0	- included creative software is pretty poor . 
1	 It was worth the wait because AG Neovo 's standout 17 '' monitor has all this and more .
1	 I bought this monitor from computer direct a couple months ago , and I have been very satisfied with it so far .
1	I have set up it's PDA features with avantgo.com where you can download info from sites like weather,mapquest maps/directions into it, which is great.
1	Have had the Nokia 6600 for a year now and am generally very happy with it and with T-Mobile.
1	the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click . 
1	 The product I rate five stars, 
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
1	Sound: This is where I love Zen the most. 
1	the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun . 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
1	i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy . 
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for years .
1	Personally, I am VERY pleased with the Diaper Champ.
1	The design of the collets is excellent and far exceeds any of the craftman (toy/junk) routers I have previously purchased.
1	The only free help you get is in renewing your subscription!
0	the interface used could be better designed . 
1	I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system all over again.
1	ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good . 
1	turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
1	first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod . 
1	noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah . 
1	FM transmitter (belkin has a good one) to use Zen with your car Sterio FM Tunner   Latest Find: Connected this baby to my $3800 audiophile audio system and it produced clean sound compared to Ipod. 
0	I couldn't get the install wizard to work.  
1	the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood . 
0	I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
1	Reliability & Build  I dropped the player once from about 4 ft, and it fell hard, but kept on playing. 
1	There are number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they will be texted to you at no cost.
1	i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots . 
1	I do give create to Creative for their attractive design.    
1	c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer . 
1	the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting . 
1	the best 4 megapixel/4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use . 
1	I installed, activated and registered NIS 2004 without issue.
1	of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents . 
1	It has one more resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" compression mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
1	The quality is significant and you'll be very happy from saving time and the headache.      
0	one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all . 
1	Its a tough one this unless you wanna drive your car over it.
1	the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features . 
1	The battery has a long life. 
1	although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone . 
0	It's perfect for those who aren't planning on storing tons of music. 
1	the quality is superb . 
0	- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage . 
0	the vibration is not top . 
1	for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised . 
1	the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent . 
1	progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) . 
1	Its just as fast as the included Creative software, but much less invasive, and overall better looking. 
1	  The click wheel is incredibly convenient, however it can be a little overly touchy at times, which will make you frustrated with your own fingers.  
1	I'm sure I don't use it to the degree of some of the other purchasers, but I really like it!
0	both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going . 
1	Although it has chubby hips, the device isn't really so big.
1	the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them . 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
0	it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light . 
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease of administration and forget about me -LRB- Do n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
0	the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
1	it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen . 
1	software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money ) 
1	So far I have no complaints with this player. 
0	The Battery does not last 12 hours.  
1	 Works great !
0	it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why . 
1	you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) . 
1	 However , once you crank the volume a little to a level a bit too distracting for the work I like to get done with some background music , viola , the audio is great -LRB- well , this is relative - great for a computer speaker -RRB- .
0	The auto color balance is often fooled by dense clouds.
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
0	Other cameras taking pics of the same subjects turn out looking much better.
1	 I love the BASS this thing gets , I have two 12 '' subs in my car , that should tell you enough if I am saying the bass is great !!
1	Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
1	Games-- not really important, but existant 
0	First, it failed whenever connecting to get updates.
1	 If you want a quality product , delivered on time , buy this one .
1	The good:  1) Large LCD screen, colorful display, good resolution.
1	The documentation is much better than the documentation that came with the 11b router -- I needed a lot of help from Linksys technical assistance to set that one up.  
1	Perhaps I bought the Micro to be different, the cheaper price tag (from Amazon), the design, or avoiding the high iPod theft in NYC subways. 
1	i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement . 
1	i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder . 
0	For my first I had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky.
1	Strong Points: - Design: small, comfortable, curved, and stylish. 
1	 Has the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and organizes them great.
1	Probably a great phone overall, and perhaps mine just has bugs.
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- this has also become an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
1	 Kudos Apple - though your products are of superb quality , your support is equal to that .
0	After some research on the Net, I discovered that there is indeed a flaw with the current WRT54G design (WRT54G, version 3, which Amazon currently sells).  
0	 SLOW GUI - Be prepared to wait approximately 90 seconds every time you change one of the sub menu items and click that dreaded `` apply '' button ... yes , 11\/2 minutes !
1	- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price 
0	creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can 't understand why eax would introduce static . 
1	Transferring files couldn't be easier thanks to the included software bundle.  
0	 They are a bit top heavy , as any tower will be .
1	the battery is nice . 
1	overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too . 
0	Yes, there is a belt clip, but that doesn't hold the extra battery and usb cable.  
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
0	- Not compatible with Audible.com books.  
1	simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use . 
0	I give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user.
1	The inital setup of the router was simple. 
1	because this camera is beautiful . 
0	the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel 
1	The router works fine for both wired and wireless.  
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this . 
1	 The sound is pretty good also -LRB- although not anything like a 5.1 surround system -RRB- There is reflection , but I only really notice it when the display is off , in which case you see you own reflection on the screen .
0	Once a depth is locked, it will jump off a little while working.
1	1- Small.
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
0	The only problem I had was a few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, but a reboot fixed the problem.
1	There's even an equalizer (under "settings") that allows you to adjust the sound for acoustic, bass booster, bass reducer, classical, dance, "deep", and electronic.
1	I like this router a whole lot better the Linksys 11b router it replaced -- the signal strength seems ot be much stroners, seldom falling below the "very good" range (and most often excellent within 25-50 feet of the router.  
1	the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train . 
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
1	reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive . 
1	You need to know absolutely nothing about setting up the network.  
1	As for bluetooth, no problems at all.
1	 Love this speaker .
0	And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
1	I highly recommend this phone.
1	 The larger screen has allowed me to put all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
1	 They are clears and perfect to be used along with a sub .
1	 I am a novice at this stuff but it was extremely easy to set the router up .
1	 Setup was easy -LRB- Windows XP wired , Windows 7 Professional wifi -RRB- .
1	this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly . 
1	it has a nice color screen . 
1	Among my requirments for a phone were: good screen, decent camera, bluetooth, and GPRS support.
1	That's it for now, what are you doing still reading this, click the "Add to Cart" button already!      
1	this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
1	 This little speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece . 
0	For last one month my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and check is delivered but still I am waiting for Check.
1	i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it . 
1	But that is good for me because Symantec softwares are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
1	simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point . 
1	Especially for the price amazon gives it at (I was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit complications).
1	The log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways.
1	The phone can use any MIDI audio file as a ringtone.
0	Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them,
1	Utility Its got a huge list of features including an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
1	 In all I 'd say this is a decent router for the money .
0	- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well 
0	it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen . 
1	I was an early purchaser of the WRT54G, and had a few problems with stability and speed - finally, the March 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product!
0	software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
0	i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again . 
1	The accesories that come with the player are great. 
1	I will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward, although you do need an external SMTP server to use.
0	after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all . 
0	after using it for just a month , i could not play any dvd . 
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
1	If you don't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to try out, and also buy an extra 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors I think).  
0	buttons do seem a little sticky tho .. and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem .. 
1	You willdefinitly appreciate the small size.
1	I can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time, it is that simple.
1	while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it . 
1	The computer interface is 90% good, only losing points due to the fact that "Creative" branding is all over the place within it. 
1	Pertaining to the speed issue: I got 54Mps while I was in the same room. 
1	i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price . 
0	 I used this monitor for 2 years and now it shows a mixture of various colors and de-focused text .
1	 The display is large enough , and the text rendering is sharp enough , that you 'll forget entirely about workspace issues .
1	this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer . 
1	FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't use LCD
1	This is the first phone I know of that has the large bright screen, infrared, bluetooth, USB connector and a speakerphone.
1	I also wanted to switch to Broadcom hardware (which the linksys uses) because my WiFi MiniPCI card in my dell laptop with lucent silicon in it used 70% of my 1.2Ghz laptop's CPU when using the wireless at full speed.  
1	and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ? 
0	After 10 years, I now downloaded McCaffee's product after calling their support....they answered quickly, and for free, and were very helpful.
1	i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all . 
0	first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds . 
1	:! OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the newest color of this phone is quite cool.
1	it is light enough to carry around all day without bother . 
1	the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics . 
1	+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering . 
1	1.The Phone has the best keypad any Nokia phone has to offer.
0	to my amazement , even that process was error-prone . 
1	Hate to wait between shots
0	yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway . 
0	. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
1	The package also comes with a USB cable, an AC adapter, a pair of headphones (they're okay until you get a better pair), a stand, and a microfiber pouch to carry your Zen Touch in.  
1	You can use the OBEX File Transfer service with bluetooth from linux (KDE-bluetooth provieds a nice intergration into Konqueror for this) for sending files to the phone.
0	on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm . 
1	 I 'm also running in-wall rated insulated 14 gauge speaker wire , and the stands accommodate this thick wire perfectly , even through the groove in the bottom of the base .
1	Its also smaller, and gets more looks. 
1	the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution . 
1	i didnt get ipod because i dont especially like itunes (no music i want, but thats just me) and the creative product was cheaper; and i needed to be able to use WMA files.  
0	. images taken indoor were n't so clear . 
1	It is a bit difficult to get the unit open (the advice to take it slowly is sound), but now that our son is walking and exploring, I consider this a positive attribute!
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
0	the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all . 
1	The phone itself is pretty nice.
0	 One thing to consider is that these stands are not height adjustable and the speakers will not angle down .
1	I rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism, but something about the iPod made me say, in the words of Lou and Andy, "I WANT THAT ONE!" I was willing to shell out 
1	The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration).
0	I have read the installation instructions for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but still ended up with the same result...junk software.
1	I wanted standard memory expansion (CF cards), macro mode, and if possible, a waterproof housing (for kayaking).
1	Which is really nice because you can get pretty much any piece of music in MIDI format for free on the net.
1	 I 'm delighted with this product .
1	 If I were to rate these speakers on my listening needs , I would give a 2.5 stars , but I 'm giving 4 because I think they do the job that most people want them for .
0	The electronic speed control is not doing it's job and the router begins to speed up and slow down at will.
0	For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
1	 When I put it to use for my daughter 's graduation party in longer lengths , the speaker wire worked as expected , even out of doors .
0	The only not-so-positive comment I have is about the depth adjustment, it is not easy to micro-adjust accurately.
1	 The speakers perform very well , and with the bass boost , the sound fills outs exceedingly well .
0	Finally, after about a week's use, the screen started to freeze on me.
1	This is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory, for example.
1	When it's working, it's great but it is very tempermental.   1	I've had this beauty for nearly 2 months now and I truely love it.
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
1	all-in-all, its good enough for its price as long as it doesnt break again due to normal use.       
1	 However , if speed , reliability , and power to transmit a signal across the house are your requirements , then this router will do the job .
1	and we still LOVE it!
1	 The idea of this device is great : it picks up a 5-day weather forecast from AccuWeather and displays the key elements on its screen .
1	you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player . 
0	This process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway.
0	Putting the Micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything (unless the hold feature is improved: it asks if you want to "unhold" for every button up press) Second, I'm worried about the durability of the player. 
0	 This means that the vga connection will not work with my computers .
1	it also lets you remove songs from the play order . 
1	otherwise , this player is awesome ! 
1	 Easy to hook up .
1	I have the black one and adore it. 
1	 Image clarity is great -LRB- I do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
0	T610 supports only midi files.
1	I'm not overly fond of GREEN but when I used this Hitachi M12V it turns out that now I'm very fond of it.
0	games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games . 
1	i am really impressed by this dvd player . 
1	By far this seems to be the best value out there for the money; if you are undecided, the Creative Zen Micro seems to be the best choice.     
1	 - Setup , from in the box to completely working , and programmed for 20 preset FM stations , was under 5 minutes .
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate for this set up .
1	 The clarity and contrast are exactly what I was looking for in a monitor , and spec for spec , it is a bargain compared to other brands .
0	 You can also use a 6v DC power supply -LRB- not included -RRB- Cons : - Bad Instructions ; like many products of this type the instructions manual is lacking and , in this case , erroneously lists the power requirements as AC when it should be DC .
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% for the day to day use.
0	the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times . 
0	unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming . 
0	One drop from a pocket or desktop, and it'd be a goner.  
0	However, Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release.
0	There is not a word about satellite issues in either the user guide or the "knowledge" database at linksys.com, and first tech support person I spoke with kept me on the phone for an hour, then gave me a web site address to consult--that turned out to be the one I'd already found during a search of my own.  
1	3. It never smelled - at all.
1	I bought my Zen Micro three months ago mainly because I preferred the size and style to the iPod mini. 
0	is not as intuitive as I would like.  
1	this thing plays everything i feed it . 
1	sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference . 
0	This phone doesn't include Phone card calling.
0	The buttons are rather stiff. 
1	OK, not quite everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need it.
1	 This system is very powerful .
0	2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information . 
0	) Button sensitivity: Even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting, the buttons are far two sensitive, really takes some getting use to, and even then, it is still too sensitive. 
1	the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption . 
1	2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons . 
1	Thank you Apple!  You make fabulous products. 
0	the included earbuds were uncomfortable . 
0	SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
0	 The interface took a little getting used to.
0	Yes, you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle, but then it is gone.
0	Just don't get drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
0	i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . " 
1	this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has . 
0	 Since it would not work as advertised I called support .
0	The plunge action isn't smooth unless you make it so.
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the truly the only diaper pail to get!
1	first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer . 
1	This is a really great buy, for yourself or as a shower gift.
1	I found best results in most situation with manual/center auto focus, manual mode, ISO 100 (shorter aperture-time, so more often sharper images as with ISO 50), auto white balance (auto white balance is better than of the other canon cameras I have and they already do very-well).
1	the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily . 
0	Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up.
1	The earbud headphones are really nice. 
1	this is a great phone i have this phone since Feb 04 and i never have any problem at all.
1	3)The Champ is Odor Free for at least 15 months.
1	I upgraded from a very small 3.2 mpxl camera to this camera with great results. 
1	 the soft orange glow at the base is a nice nightlight .
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
1	The PhotoStitch software is very cool if you want to do any 360 degree panorama shots.
1	  The ease of use of the iPod is a major attribute.
1	apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players . 
0	During install, NIS would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so.
1	 This item was the most inexpensive 17 inch monitor available to me at the time I made the purchase .
1	I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities.
1	Speaking of battery, it's removable AND replaceable! 
0	This product has virtually all the same installation problems.
1	the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate . 
0	i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job . 
0	But now that she is eating solids the odor is escaping out and we are constantly using airfreshner.
1	i like the size and weight of this little critter . 
1	Mine installed no problem (but I DID uninstall my Norton Anti-Virus 2002 & Personal Firewall 2002 first).
1	1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers . 
1	 This speaker mount is suitable for small speaker .
1	 You ca n't go wrong with these if what you are looking for is a good sound in a small package !
1	 The speakers have a very rich sound and good bass also , obviously not thumping bass for which you would need a huge subwoofer !!
1	So far, the Anti-Spam feature seems to be very good.
1	 The player is great. 
1	This product is by far the best Broadband Router on the market, I bought this to replace one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, worked great for about a year. 
1	Having the Digic II chip helps a lot. 
1	but this by far is the best phone out there right now!
0	 However, the battery life isn't as good as I would like. 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	Unfortunately, it does not give you the option of unstalling (or uninstalling) them individually.
0	Solid food poop is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain the smell.
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship program; usually people with Mac like this program than people with a PC, but depending on your computer expertise, this could be a difficult program to use, and it is required for an iPod. 
1	9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time . 
1	 I verified the signal strengths with a laptop and there was no problem there .
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!	
1	The pictures are uniformly excellent and color rendering is perfect.
0	The only beef that I have with it is that there is a little too much slop in the columns when the lock is not engaged.
1	The main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients. 
1	being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable . 
1	For the money, I'm not sure you can do better.
1	I am getting better speeds on all my web programs. 
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
0	When I purchase software, I NEVER want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry!
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
1	The setup works awesome, as with any tool I look closely at the individual tool for it's merits, and not just the company as a whole.
1	From the Internet, woodworking books, local stores and personal opinions the Hitachi M12V 3-1/4 HP router time and time again came up to be the router of choice or best for its price.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
0	The speed control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool (screwdriver or dowel rod) to effect any speed change.
0	unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed . 
1	big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
1	Picture and video quality is ok.
1	 I have used this monitor for a few months and have had no problems .
0	 While my laptop and netbook have decent speakers , the volume on such devices is inherently lower than with standard speakers , making it harder to hear some audio .
1	Each battery lasts about 10-11 hours. 
1	They also sound excellent compared to other earbuds including retail sets like Panasonics and Sennheisers. 
1	in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera . 
0	The "movies" last about 5 seconds.
1	 All the latest Acer stuff is top notch !
1	took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo . 
1	 Sound quality and base is amazing .
0	i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem . 
1	by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced . 
1	This one is full of features(has bluetooth).
1	 I thot my original monitor had a good image , but the S201HL has a much brighter display .
0	in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered . 
0	For one thing, The diapers always get jammed in it.
1	I have a tendency to do quite a bit of research before I drop money on a tool and everyone I talked to loved this router.
1	just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date . 
1	The fact that you can assign ringtones to people and/or groups is really cool.
1	For the price I think this is a remarkably fun MP3 player.
1	The player looks SO much better when you're actually holding it. 
0	only used for 3 month before it 's down ! 
1	  Using the software iTunes is relatively simple, you just plug the USB cable in, wait your machine to detect the iPod and voila, any songs listed in your iTunes library will be transfered on over to the iPod.
0	 My Linksys froze for 30 minutes or longer when applying changes .
0	a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop 
1	 The set-up went fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge base .
1	) The Zen Micro appears sturdy and well constructed, hefty, if you will, far better than many of its competitors. . 
1	 Excellent heavy build quality , and the stands are not imposing and blend fairly well into the rest of my furniture .
1	the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options . 
1	manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding . 
1	I still can't believe how fast it starts up. 
0	 The incoming call volume is incredibly low and it is often difficult to hear my customers -LRB- it was so bad I had my hearing tested because I thought something was wrong with me .
0	I simply hate Symantec. I swear, if I could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare, bleeding hands, I would have.
0	 The problems came from my video card .
0	 Meanwhile , the instructions for Apple users indicated I should load the CD-ROM , but it turns out it only contained a PDF of instructions and offered nothing by way of explanation on installing for Apple computers .
1	1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more . 
1	i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least . 
0	Then it started to smell whether there were diapers in it or not.
1	the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them . 
1	This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
1	Its well made and user friendly.
1	It is amazingly small, it's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera.
0	And I can't warn you enough to STAY AWAY FROM NORTON!!
0	when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens . 
1	The main issue now is that this new Zen Micro seems to be the best on the market at least temporarily.  
1	the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there . 
1	I finally decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with Napster 2 Go....which is a subscription service, allowing me to download as much music as I want for a $14.95 flat fee.  
1	The interface has a sassier flair and the blue-lit trimming is an added bonus. 
1	I've had almost no problems with the firmware (ie, lock-ups, shut-downs etc), but I have kept the player up to date. 
1	the price / performance looked just right . 
1	i bought the player this week and i like it by far . 
0	The internet connection would go down every 5 mins when I used it with a P2P program called Bitspirit.  
0	and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! 
1	This is a fantastic tool to use.
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
1	Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW December 2004 I'm sorry to read about other people having problems with their Zen Micro, but mine has worked great! 
1	The diaper champ turns the smelly diaper into "what diaper smell" in less time than that.
1	yes , the features are numerous . 
0	i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
1	lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy . 
1	the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ? 
0	only con i can think of is no camera ... . 
1	1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone . 
0	The only disappointment so far has been battery life.
1	It's so small. 
1	the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better . 
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	 They caused the problem , ie wrong product in the box , the service tech failed to believe what the software said was wrong .
1	DEPENDABILITY: I've seen no glitches.
1	given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software . 
0	After a recent update, I can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
0	I tried to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going to try it in a different location, it may have just been my residential location.   
1	Bottom line great phone for the time being.
1	2.  It can be operated with one hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table.
0	I find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much.
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	 This machine is a replacement for your desktop .
1	audio is excellent . 
1	 - Tuner quality is good .
1	 I am in the business and have seen many 19 '' LCD monitors that sell for much , much more , and aside from monitors with a higher resolution -LRB- ie 1600 x 1200 -RRB- , there is no noticable difference at all .
1	The camera does a great job with exposure and prints made with my professional printer looks great (not as good as prints from my pro digital camera, but still VERY good).
1	It's easy to use (just a flip of the lid, and the diaper is gone!).
1	i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route . 
1	 Delivery was prompt .
0	and the battery life is bad !
0	what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds . 
1	Also, the touchpad seems to be waterproof to some degree.  
0	Second might be a problem I might have with my PC but not too sure, when the player is connected on the USB and I start playing on it and also using the windows explorer, it sometimes pauses by itself and tries to synchronise with the PC during play, which is a bit irritating.     
0	Another problem is that the latest 2.0 firmware upgrade moves you into Windows Media Player 10 which seems to be very, very slow for downloads.  charging[-2] ##Also note that it doesn't seem to charge when connected to the PC, only when plugged into an AC socket even though they both connect to the single USB port on the player, so you have to charge the battery separately from downloading music.     
1	i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever . 
1	It fits in your pocket.
1	But it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2.1 MP camera.
1	 The set up for this product was a breeze .
0	Norton Internet Security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations.
0	 It 's a fun little gadget , do n't expect high definition sound .
1	i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation . 
1	+Sorts music by artist, album, genre, etc... it's easy to wade through 5 gigs of tunes to find what you're looking for. 
1	You can use it as a storage Hard Drive.    
1	connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! 
1	if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs . 
1	You can take pic of your friends and the picture will pop up when they call.
0	but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version . 
1	 If you are concerned about looks , get these .
0	 The network was down , the Internet connection was gone , and the router was completely unresponsive .
1	I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
1	I am happy with the fact that I can use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.
0	The Achilles heel of this router is its inability to stream music, or copy large files over the local network.  
0	I'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop, but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until Linksys improves their desktop software/hardware.     
1	it works great . 
0	 All in all , bad device , bad customer service ... run like hell from this product .
1	But, for the money it is a good machine.
1	The wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog.
1	It was so easy my toddler would dispose of her on diapers.
0	The only problem i have is with the handle you use to open the top compartment.
1	Works pretty well. 
1	 Pros: Large Hard Drive for the $$-- 20GB and 40GB are both affordable. 
0	The included headphones suck, so get your own.         
1	I like to take pictures when I Go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high at higher iso's but I don't really care that much, i think it gives the pictures a certain real-life quality. 
0	No inbox accessories-- An arm strap, belt strap, case, or anything would be nice, but nope... Moveable parts-- This makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th; with moveable parts, its easy to damage an iPod at a gym, so this is for more casual listeners; note the iPod Mini doesn't have moveable parts and is made of titanium.
1	another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it . 
1	 No problems with dropped signals unlike the netgear router it replaced which only lasted 4 months .
0	the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc . 
1	downloads are a snap and quick . 
1	its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had . 
0	To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem.
0	3) The lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory card
1	look at the size of it!
1	As far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- remember this router is the same one that was released right when the G standard was introduced to the market. 
1	And the tech writers have made the installation process SO EASY for people lik my aunt to follow. 
1	not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have . 
1	it 's size also makes it ideal for travel . 
1	it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	and we definitely prefer our Champ!
0	i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! 
1	i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files . 
1	with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it . 
0	one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call . 
1	) No locked-in proprietary business like Apple; this baby plays WMAs too.  
1	It's a highly rated, KICK ASS firewall program that's bundled with the venerable Norton AntiVirus, plus extras (like Norton AntiSpam & Norton Parental Control) that make this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet access.
1	besides the one problem , this machine is amazing ! 
1	i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email . 
1	i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no visable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) . 
1	there are a lot of things i like about it . 
0	 Initially the sound was low and sounded `` off '' .
1	i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive . 
0	 However , SharePort on this new router worked 0 % of the time .
1	it was no problem for me to use their software . 
1	it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted . 
1	4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking . 
0	I have never had this problem with any other software on my computer.
1	We use regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
0	But be prepared to buy something else (diaper genie ?) which can trap the odor better.
1	The FM tuner is just a little spare icing on the cake.  
0	so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out . 
1	I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
1	Combine this with the excellent price we got in the Gold Box, and I'm really happy.
0	 Second gripe : In the 6 or so months since we purchased our batch of 30-40 of these monitors , 2 have already been returned for repair or replacement .
1	i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it . 
0	 This router started out looking good but then gradually slowed down to the point that even standard def youtube videos and highly compressed IPTV from Hulu Plus would slow down and freeze or stutter .
0	(...)  Like most SOHO routers, it has nearly non-existant logging. 
1	also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) . 
1	+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit 
0	I have noticed an odor (one the I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it.
1	I'm in high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen.
1	the other controls are all very easy to use . 
0	Basically, I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the Tech Help.
0	I built my own router table with a tilt up top & made a hand crank to replace the height adjustment knob & these two things make it easy to change out & raise or lower the bits.
1	 Tech support was very pleasent and helpfull once you actually got someone .
1	learning how to use it will not take very long . 
0	 Anyways , back to the point : I 've tried to be so calm over the past month of dealing with Acer and their terrible service and support .
1	5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible . 
1	 full spectrum sound from full base to great highs .
1	 Good monitor for the price .
0	DO NOT BUY ANY HOME VERSION OF NORTON ANYTHING.
1	my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared . 
1	 Upon opening these I found them to be really small but having a solid feel to them .
0	 Some may not like the horn tweeters , as they tend to sound too hot .
1	the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual . 
1	this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price . 
1	The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much less steep.
1	Luckly,with 3 rebates this product will cost me nothing! it is indeed worth nothing.
0	Sometimes when you press buttons, the menu appears after a second or two.
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
1	even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " . 
1	* price and capacity 
0	I will NEVER buy their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
0	They really are awfully small.
0	i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose . 
0	 I called the tech support and they helped me install new firmware , but this did not solve the problem .
1	I HAVE NEVER HAD AN ODOR PROBLEM!
0	The instructions would benefit from some improvement and it would help if the RPMs of the speed settings were mentioned.
0	In short - Nokia themselves don't know that this phone doesn't work with the Palm, and if you don't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts, chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly.
0	one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 . 
1	Overall, I am very pleased with it.  
1	First, I have to say that I have NEVER had the slightest problem with this camera or the software.
1	the phone is small , light , and very attractive . 
0	i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused . 
0	What dissapointes me the most that a software like that  is not cheap gets zero support form symantec, if you want support, they'll charge you a Fee!
1	I just got an older 866 Mhz system with 512 PC 133 RAM and it also runs fine on that.
0	the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use . 
1	Supporting an operating system, Symbian OS, you can download and run a lot of programs on this phone.
0	since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " . 
1	The menus are easy to scroll through; they are laid out naturally, and make sense. 
1	they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department . 
1	I was looking for something that wasn't too complicated to use and to help the pics I post on Ebay show more detial.
0	you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll . 
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
1	This is really a nice diaper pail.
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
1	 This router is phenomenal !
0	If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of the Zen Micro I would probably have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that for what it's worth.  
1	It uses the extendable MMC memory, it is perfect for storing videos, pictures and mp3s.
1	The Zen Micro FM receiver is ok, not great. 
1	The Zen Micro is near perfect.   
0	I saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
1	I did like the heft of the machine.
1	2) The Champ uses regular store bags.
0	 Besides , I hate widescreen monitors !!!!
0	I had never liked the idea of the Diaper Genie because of the refills.
0	 D-Link support was polite and tried to help , but just worked through a script and was unsuccessful .
1	it 's a very intuitive program . 
0	 My overall experience with this monitor was very poor .
1	Slow-syncro flash, macro/infinity mode, etc.
1	it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light . 
1	the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car . 
1	Secondly, all info can be sent to a computer and w/o the hassle of USB wires.
1	Very easy to use for someone like me who's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon.
1	Can recommend the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	 This netbook is very light but still powerful .
1	It's oval and... nice.
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	have had the player since xmass and love it ! 
1	Also If you want a device that does soo much more than the Ipod mini but is at the same price, this is the player for you. 
1	 Overall I am very satisfied with this product and will be using it often .
1	anted to rate the router higher than 1 star, due to its security, easy of use, etc.  
1	I guess the two antennae help with that besides making it look cooler. 
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the monitor bounces around while you type .
1	 Good range & speed .
1	the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ... 
1	9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range . 
1	nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby . 
0	To use the Creative Zen player with a subscription service, you need to go to Creative's web site, and download new software for your PC. 
1	 The set-up is goof-proof , and offers a superior result .
0	My old Sony Ericsson T610 has this feature.
1	The included fence guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as well.
0	2) Phone is awfully slow.
1	The macro mode works well, although it takes some practice since the camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focus.
0	 If I only considered the software or internet user manual I would have rated technical support as 2 or maybe 3 -LRB- at best -RRB- .
0	the GPRS web access is sloooooooooooooow!
1	Anyhow, this software is working fine and no problems since I installed it two weeks ago.
1	 They are very sturdy , and have no trouble balance wise , or handling oddly shaped speakers .
1	 This is a great portable speaker system , but wanted to let people know that if your ipod is in an iSkin case you can not dock the ipod without first removing the skin .
1	the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit : 
0	unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type . 
0	also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying . 
1	the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy . 
1	 Great replacement at great price for an older bulky and heavy monitor .
0	 I deducted a star because , when I put my iPod and iPad on full volume , the speaker 's bass began to completely ruin the sound .
1	 Battery last longer too .
1	i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since . 
0	There are 2 things that need fixing  First is the battery life. It will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
1	The battery on mine lasts 2 days if I don't play games that much, and it only takes 90 mins to charge from flat.
0	Again, this doesn't affect regular MP3 files - just subscription DRM-encoded files, like those from Napster-to-Go or Yahoo Music Unlimited.  
1	The sound quality is superb, much better than that of an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use . 
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on the right speaker are fairly handy .
1	 it 's far from expensive for the specifications but there is a lot more than in there ... i like it so much ... its nicely designed for the portable user and I like the Ferrari design on it .
1	this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! 
1	The supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre iPod buds. 
1	as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine . 
1	Its  not a perfect system but its a very good one.
1	the program is called Gnomad and works great for me and seems to cover all the features the included windows sofware does. 
1	 And it 's sleek and sexy looking as well .
1	I was fortunate to get the packaging that still included all the accessories (desk stand/hard case, belt clip, wall charger, etc). 
0	 My only complaint is like others here ... it randomly disconnects from the bluetooth and it 's really annoying when it does because it does it so often .
0	Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston.
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first glance, is a dream come true for all mp3 and music lovers. 
1	The sound is INCREDIBLE; very clean, very wide dynamic range of bass, mids and highs, and can be very loud if I turn it up full blast.
1	The player is smaller than you think. 
0	but with a low price , comes lower quality . 
1	I actually purchased two phones recently (this one at the new Blackberry phone), and this one is far superior (IMHO).
1	I got it to use with the new $5-per-month service from Yahoo (Music Unlimited,) and despite the above issues, I love it. 
0	the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed . 
1	 Valet PLUS is easy to configure , and was set up in about 7 minutes .
1	The heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything I threw at it.
1	the reception and sound quality are top-notch . 
1	 Very smooth .
1	i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers . 
1	 Item shipped out quickly , was in good condition , came with easy to use set-up disk ... we have n't had to 're - set ' the router at all so far since it 's delivery , so my wife is no longer giving me the business about losing her wireless internet connection on her laptop ... added security benefits , neighbors no longer hogging signal , well worth the purchase price !
1	so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read . 
1	- speakerphone 
1	This is the best purchase I've made in a very long time.
1	Frankly, I think this is one of the niftiest pieces of hardware I've ever used.
1	it is very light weight and has a good signal strength . 
0	3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything . 
1	This was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit.
0	 Unfortunately , I just could not get it to work .
1	Friends told me that the Diaper Genie did not work very well, so bought the Diaper Champ based on on-line reviews and I have been happy with it.
0	i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out . 
0	00% good though, and the Zen does have a few drawbacks. 
1	It is no more heavy than any other powerful router and not as bad as some Porter Cable models I tried.
1	This is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers.
1	I couldn't believe what I had been missing.
1	Multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide MMS messages and a Gallery for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the phone.
1	I found that to be the most impressive thing about the iPod 'mini' - basically for ease of use, and the feel it gives. 
1	The soft start is nice.
1	 And, with the iPods' full volume up, all you have to do is adjust your receivers' volume and your set, since the iPod itself acts as a strong amplifer of its' own.
1	i have a hard time using other phones with smaller screens!!!
1	the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use . 
1	This may be a really cool phone, but it's not worth it with T-Mobile.
1	4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera . 
0	it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time . 
0	about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder . 
1	While I'm not too keen on their customer service (none of the products I have from Creative have given me issues), I can definitely recommend the Zen Micro for the simple fact that it does exactly what it is supposed to do and more...without needing any of the extra hype except word of mouth.  
1	picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm . 
0	I thought given all the "10" reviews about this camera that I would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
1	i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up . 
1	 Battery non-issue. 
1	yes , i recommend it over the competition . 
1	I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!! 
0	purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it . 
1	This product is amazing and better than the Ipod you can get at the same price. 
1	because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
1	I've tried the free versions of zone alarm and the free version of sygate and they both have a nice and easy installation and work great!.
1	 FM radio built in (Howard Stern).  
0	i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
1	battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have . 
0	after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift . 
1	bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices . 
1	just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc. 
1	but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it . 
1	Many of these programs are shareware, some can be purchased by paying a little bit of bucks.
0	The digital zoom is crap.
1	The panorama setting is unbelieveable !
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're getting. 
1	6- Small but very clear TFT screen.
0	 What I do n't like is that at lower volume music listening , tonal qualities are very poor .
0	do n't buy this player . 
1	and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play . 
1	another point of note : the battery life is incredible ! 
0	-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ). 
0	 I do n't think the external switch is much of a feature because in the end , you have to learn how to identify IP addresses , switch the router from from a dynamic to static IP address , and assign a static IP address that is compatible with your router or modem .
1	The iPod is not overpriced compared to the market.
0	its quiet . 
1	i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price . 
1	3660 had similar features, but that is big in size.
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I need to work from home due to heavy snow !
1	the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual . 
1	the battery life on this phone is surreal . 
1	 The mount is easy to use ... it 's just velcro straps to tie up on the handlebars .
1	 This setup worked perfectly the first shot at it .
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
1	I've had this player for more than 4 months and I'm very happy with it. 
0	the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) . 
1	it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files . 
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
1	The power, low noise operation, and speed control makes up for the problems I have experienced.
0	it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to . 
1	The SS body is wonderful, feels high-quality.
0	Norton support is completely pathetic.
1	this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website . 
1	 I love this speakers .
1	I want to start off saying that this camera is small for a reason.
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail store that has a good return policy but anyways... I find the touch pad very easy to use, and I'm surprised so many people have had problems.  
1	Glad to see the Ed. revised the previous statements regarding image quality. 
1	 - Sub woofer is large .
1	 It works great for this purpose .
0	one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched ! 
1	the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person . 
1	 Best HT upgrade I 've made in over 2 years .
1	it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing . 
1	The interface is simple to use.
1	Decent Battery-- On the average size, but the 40GB comes with a dock.  
1	 No problems with any of those connections .
1	This is a great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
0	We resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the Diaper Champ for wet diapers only.
1	 The way I have to put in my I-Pod was a little tricky but when it was done the speakers sound really good .
0	can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me . 
1	There is also a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched.
1	i have not been disappointed with my purchase . 
1	in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images . 
1	In my table the M12V has been a real champ.
0	It takes a while to learn how to use it right, and at this point I am able to make about 70% of my calls using it.
1	The height is a more convenient reach than others, where you have to hunch over.
1	 Assembly of the stands is very straightforward , and well detailed in the instructions .
1	My experience with installation was quite good.  
1	the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	INCREDIBLE MEMORY!
1	but if you 've used a slr 35mm camera , the controls are very intuitive ! 
1	While I have not had the "privilege", as many call it, of owning an Ipod, based on the experience of friends who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Zen Touch or Zen Micro), I can pretty much rest assured that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was one of the more informed ones.
1	Both the on/off switch (soft start) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand.
1	I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
1	 This is an outstanding product , one that lives up to the PR .
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
0	3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software . 
1	i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints . 
0	the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial. its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . ) 
0	Nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software.
0	i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive . 
1	both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice . 
0	 The only drawback is the speaker wire is very thin .
1	 It 's just such a nice , light-weight , non-intrusive device which you can take anywhere .
1	 Obviously , one of the advantages of this design is the improvement in sound quality , but there is the disadvantage as well of potential damage .
1	 I didnt want one in which I would have to put in batteries myself -LRB- that is a pain -RRB- I did alot of research and read a bunch of reviews and im glad I purchased these speakers .
1	I love the slim design; the weight would only be an issue if it were bulky.  
1	for the price and features it is really good . 
1	 I loved the sound of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics .
1	i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations . 
1	I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
1	Perhaps Semantic could work out the efficiency a little, but these reviews are highly exagerated... I would ask what else these people are running on their computers(?)
0	what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off . 
0	I just wished that it didn't fill up so fast!
1	Unlike other reviewers, I have found the support to be responsive, almost no wait time on the phone, and relatively knowledgeable. 
1	 The build quality is top notch .
1	the image quality is excellent . 
1	awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package . 
1	The setup was a breeze, I had some reservations about a wireless network (see my review for linksys wet11)but this item was on sale as well as the WET11 so I just had to splruge. 
1	with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) . 
1	As I mentioned in my first paragraph, it supports WPA security, which is far superior to WEP.  
1	i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus . 
0	 They offered to replace my controller but -- important to note -- they were unwilling to cross-ship it .
0	I also put a bend in  the wrench so I can remove and install bits from the top of the table.
1	One of my favorite features about the player is its ability to sync to Windows Media Player. 
1	 Connection speed to the other 2 machines seems awesome - much quicker than the router I replaced , and when combined with the simplicity of the Valet Plus , this makes for a great product .
0	2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
1	the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium . 
0	 The replacement unit had a problem too : the little switch on the bottom was n't working properly , making it impossible to select among city forecasts in my area .
0	No problems now, just a sickly disappointment in the way Norton has abandoned thier customers.
1	I use it on a router table, and it is works well.
1	I must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be
1	 Also has a nice guest feature so your visitors can connect separate of your primary link .
1	I've had this camera just over 2 years and it takes pretty good pictures.
1	- very long-lasting battery life 
0	If the plunging action is critical to your work, look elsewhere.
1	anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it . 
1	great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one (Canon A60(?)...the 2.0 megapixel one). 
1	 These are great bike speakers for the weekend cycling in the park .
0	 ##Cons. 1. Configuration is not easy as it made out to be 2.Lousy Initial Software 3. Does not work with BitSpirit with UPnP, Besides that its an excellent choice , If you know your way around network configuration go for it.
1	3 ) user replaceable battery 
1	 The full sized keyboard is sweet not to mention the aquamarine color .
0	- some features in the user interface 
1	 Vocals have greater clarity with the iHome as well .
0	in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it . 
1	So reliability is the winner here for the iPod.
1	It is a multifunction phone, reception quality is better than the 610.
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the full 2,5!
1	but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there . 
1	But it; you won't regret it.     
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	Transferring music is a breeze. I don't subscribe to music services, but as mentioned on other reviews, Micro allows you to subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	I was looking for a phone which synced with Mac OSX using Bluetooth, had decent battery life, could check email, had good reception, nice screen size and was durable (I break often break small gadgets)
1	 Even the bass is pretty impressive from such rather small drivers .
0	Luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case, a finger.
1	the picturers are amazing . 
1	 It 's easy to use , and it seems feature complete .
0	I'm giving it 1 star because as compared to other Nokia phones , its a 1 , compared to other blunders by other companies (such a samsung and motorrola) it might be good .... but if you're getting a Nokia , don't get this one .
1	Overall, it'll make my move that much easier knowing I don't have to worry about connectivity.     
0	the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest . 
1	 If you 're looking for a quality tower speaker ... this is it .
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
1	 The iHome 's stereo reproduction is clearly superior .
0	i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use . 
1	 Very happy with the monitor and the price ...
1	The screen is clear and readable, and the touch pad works very well, it took me less than a day to get the hang of it, and now I like it better than having to click buttons or fiddle with a separate volume control.  
0	but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes . 
1	 Great picture .
1	This phone is fantastic.
0	 The controls are hard to see and not intuitive .
1	Have a great and easy to use bundled software
1	UPSIDE: This one, like most Nokias, receives a consistently strong signal (I've tried some Samsung and Sony Ericsson models which were very weak on the reception front).
0	typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others . 
1	I would recommend this camera unequivocally!
1	  EASE OF USE/DESIGN: The iPod is a very easy to use MP3 player, and if you can't figure this out, you shouldn't even own one.
1	We just buy the smaller bags that come like 250 to a roll and are sented and they are like $6.00 and they work great.
1	 This monitor works great .
0	Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give a command, it's just not that easily useable on the go.
1	i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it . 
1	Oh, and another is the cool "halo" light that surrounds the touch pad, and light's up when you touch the screen, and how the light glows when the Zen is connected to the computer. 
0	I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
0	It would not hang up on calls.
0	 The problem with this box is that it reboots several times an hour , if not more frequently .
1	Flawless. 
0	This one is particularly bothersome: Allegedly one can use the Zen Micro as a portable drive to store and transport data from one computer to another.
0	I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
0	one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough . 
0	 The iPod comes formatted for the Mac, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
1	other than that this thing is great ... 
0	the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings . 
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
1	the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust . 
0	It's too bad, though, that !
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
1	i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) .. . 
1	overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view . 
0	 Due to the lack of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dropped the bones for this router , I was very unimpressed .
0	3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust . 
0	Start up, log off, log on...everything became very slow.
1	 Affordable price , reliable item and excellent customer service .
0	My main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag.
0	 First thing I tested was the speed , and I have to say it was abysmal .
0	controls are a bit awkward . 
1	it is a very amazing product . 
1	with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more . 
1	 However the setup was easy and the results excellent .
1	 I believe this are great speakers but you also have to accept the audio capabilities of your Desktop Computer or Laptop , I try this at BestBuy and the sound was perfect for this small speaker , now when I got home and try them on my desktop the sound was ok , I have a Mac and I wanted to avoid installing a sound card since it 's a nightmare to find a fully compatible PCI card , I found a great plug-in for Mac I-tunes , SRS Iwow , after installing the demo I was totally impress by the quality of sound , just a great alternative for mac users .
1	- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't . 
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
1	Some features that the 'Zen Micro' has that sold me on my purchase include: a 5G hard drive...actually an SD flash card drive...very large and much more than actually needed, the ability to sync with Microsoft Outlook's calendar, the long battery life of about 10 to 12 hours (I can change the battery myself for about $40 to buy vs. 
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
1	i simply love this feature . 
1	the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs . 
1	lastly , the price is fantastic : 
1	It has great upgradibility.
1	Overall, this router seems like a reasonably priced product th!
0	The fine adustment knob which came with the router was very difficult to use on a router table.
1	Mine is as easy to use as the mini without any firmware download. 
1	now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here . 
1	the phones are awesome . 
1	It also works just fine for international calls.
1	the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on . 
1	I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you can find one, you might like to get it.
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
1	In short, the Nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution.
0	the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again . 
0	As a Windows user, I had to install the software including drivers and iTunes on my desktop, and this is the only area where I encountered a nuisance. 
0	A larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy.
1	If you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained, than the diaper champ is the one for you!
1	Initially these phones were fun to play with some of the cool features like the speaker phone, web browser and ofcourse the built in camera.
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
1	My opion is concentrate on what you need now, This product has EXELENT range, holds a teady connection, hasent even droped one and i have it for more than a month now. 
1	The Nokia 660 runs the Symbian OS, which works pretty well for most standard phone fare, most of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use it all, there's plenty of neat tie-ins.
1	I have an ipod and it is a great buy. 
1	value : comparing data storage with price . 
1	b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive . 
1	Purchased this router a few months back, NO PROBLEMS whatsoever.  
0	the door would not close . 
1	i am extremely satisfied with this camera . 
1	nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them . 
0	when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! 
1	The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam component works well.
0	It is not reliable.  
1	 Looks great .
1	This new click wheel iPod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection.  
1	By the way, I use the Norton 2003 Corporate at work with absolutely no trouble.
1	this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , progressive scan feature . 
1	other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod . 
1	 Overall a sweet machine .
0	 And finally , in early June , this router stopped broadcasting an internet signal .
1	this phone is a winner ... 
1	the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect . 
1	it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player ! 
1	I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with focus, I have all my pictures sharp and high quality. 
1	i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied . 
1	Bottom line, this camera will give you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	 My 2 XBoxs , Ipod , Iphone , Ipad are all catching a nice strong signal .
0	8mb for a camera like this is a joke . 
1	It works great, i am usually at the full 54 mbps, although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is. 
1	 It worked great and we just pluged it in .
1	the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use . 
0	 Nor there is a clear manual offered by the manufacturer or by Qwest , Qwest does provide some info , but nothing about what is not intuitive enough in the screen .
1	Right out of the box, I loved it, better features than the Ipod, great sound quality and no limitations on what music sources I can use. 
0	now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
1	Fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
1	I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because I thought it was cool.
1	the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom . 
1	First of all, the phone houses a great deal of memory for multiple videos, sound clips, photos, texts, etc.
1	- light , compact design 
1	it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . ) 
1	This router acts as a wireless access point, 100 MB switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device.  
1	canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better . 
1	You do get 1 more GB than an iPod mini.  
0	the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots . 
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
1	SOUND QUALITY: The iPod's sound quality is pretty good.
1	If you are using Linux, and you want to use GPRS to connect to the net, I suggest this phone along with a Belkin USB Bluetooth adapter.
1	The price is incredible with the bonus pack and Hitachi's $25 incentive ( you need the code ---go to Toolseeker.com and it tells you)
1	It doesn't bog down under load.
1	Its ability to record radio is useful as well, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	The Champ works great.
1	 they were easy to install and ended up using 300 feet of cable .
0	It seems like you need to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the Micro to pull in a strong sound.  
1	The interface works great.  
1	The Ipod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current offerings from Jobs and Company. 
1	 The padded underside is great even when set on bare legs and the unit is angled for a comfortable typing experience .
0	i can only hear the sound but no picture ! 
1	The best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking.
0	. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped . 
1	Really like it, easy to use, great images, very intuitive, fits in my jacket pocket.
1	It is mindless to operate.
1	I have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" feature lets you both 54 and 11 Mb cards off the router.     
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
1	I got a 1GB MMC upgrade for this phone and now I can:
1	everything else about the camera is great . 
0	the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least . 
1	I'm not gonna go into the features cause if you're reading this review, you've probably already looked at them, but I must say the DJ feature if Very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus!  
1	also , very light and portable . 
1	 You should use the firmware on the DD-WRT website instead .
0	 You can blame the bad chat support or the repair technicians for that because I gave all the information I could .
1	For a sleeker, smaller and more "average" MP3 player the Nitrus is great but the iPod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and the design is wonderful.
1	Other than that, i think it is the best router for the money.
1	 Wow , this speaker really rocks .
1	This program enables the user to batch convert and convert audio files from one format to another. 
1	 I was surprised how good the sound was and I especially like to use it when I am listening to audio books .
0	Unfortunately I was wrong.  
1	After getting one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer:  The Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures.
1	 I purchased three of these Acer 19 '' at very good rates from Amazon ... we are extremely pleased with the clarity and sharpness .
0	STYLING/ERGONOMICS: The keys are small, which generally doesn't bother me if they are spaced because I can employ a little 'Braille,' but the keys run into each other, so careful attn. must be paid when dialing.
1	Go for the Champ.
0	It would work fine for a while then as the motor warmed up it would die.
0	1 ) a spare battery would have been great . 
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
0	after several years of torture in the hands of at&t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at&t to t-mobile ! 
1	so much packed in a small case and very affordable ! 
1	(You can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby.) Also, we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills (like with the Diaper Genie).
1	the battery life is amazing . 
1	its speakerphone option allows us to do long talks conveniently , lying on bed &#38; phone lying by your pillowside . 
0	there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! 
1	(we wrap them nice and tight) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags--cheap!
0	Also, diapers tend to stay in the middle, causing the pail to get backed up.
0	i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal . 
1	 In addition the price point is spectacular .
1	so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing . 
1	The bags attach inside the Champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle.
1	They are razor sharp, the color balance is perfect, and the focus is great.
1	 The replacement was even worse than the original one , which was now working fine .
1	I recommend T-Mobile and the Nokia 6600 without reservation.
1	THIS ITEM IS EXCEPTIONAL I like the ease of use and it held the odor in great.
1	but for what i do use it is perfect . 
1	 The comparable product in quality is the old style Shelf Speaker popular in the 80 's , called the brick , but this unit does not have the weight of that product .
1	the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted . 
1	i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful . 
0	Buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
0	i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product . 
1	 The memory is not really hard to upgrade .
0	my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great . 
1	This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
1	My brother had an old Linksys B band wireless router in his home and it was like magic. 
0	this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks .. . 
1	i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! 
1	N6600 supports midi, wav, amr, mp3 etc.
1	Their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions.
0	unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds. even though they were not damaged in any way . 
0	 Its annoying when you pay $ 100 + for a router and it does n't work as it is supposed straight out of the box !
1	as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible . 
0	The only problem is the size of the keys.
1	APPLICATIONS: It has lots of applications and they work very well... when you eventually find where they are and they finally open.
1	2- Excellent picture quality and so simple to use!!!
1	The blue backlit LCD looks really neat and is easy to read. 
1	the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds . 
0	it also has unproven battery life . 
1	has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range . 
0	 Others may have better luck , but I have never seen a flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	Apple stil does it better but needs to come out with a 5 gig mini.     
1	nice little phone ... light compact . . 
1	Absolutely no problems with this router. 
1	speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
1	sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod . 
0	Essentially, the CD included with the package is, for the most part, worthless.  
1	color screen is good . 
1	the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good . 
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
1	Picture quality's great for still and video with sound.
0	After research of other creative hard drive players, i found that most of them aren't very durable and tend to crash (read most reviews on amazon.com and see for yourself). 
0	 They do look cool in the dark though .
1	all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	But it is smooth, it is powerful, it is affordable & it has a proven track record.
0	the grain was terrible . 
1	2) Nice features, like web browser, camera, video recorder, speaker phone (very usefully), clear voice reception.
1	This is a perfect blend to accomplish both tasks.  
0	i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for . 
1	the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had . 
1	 Oops , easy to go online , and adjust it there .
0	2- It is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .
1	it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio ! 
1	in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results . 
1	 Changing brightness is easy , with four presets and one user changeable -LRB- I leave that at minimum brightness for at night -RRB- .
0	maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing . 
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	We were able to obtain a Norton Corporate Edition of Antivirus only (no firewall or utilities) and so far it's great.
1	file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 . 
1	it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping . 
0	another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on . 
1	the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods . 
1	I also love that you can flip the device with one hand...
0	. lens cap is a really annoying 
1	you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
0	 I only give it 4 stars because the device came with really old dd-wrt software .
1	the WRT54G plus the HGA7T is a perfect solution if you need wireless coverage in a wider area or for a hard-walled house as was my case.     
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside covering.  
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
0	Personally, I may never buy Symantect products again.
1	By no means do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it, just be able to put a CD in the computer and it tells you what to do. 
1	The new router came with an updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process. 
1	please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod . 
1	if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera . 
0	After a week I tried to load some more songs and delete a few but the auto load didn't do anything but turn on my player. 
0	for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it . 
0	 Cons : - I think the satellites look ugly .
1	Linksys quality and tech support have been outstanding.     
1	this is the best dvd player i 've purchased . 
0	also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ). 
0	the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful . 
1	huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing . 
0	the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash . 
1	I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
1	Bottom line is that at $160, this is an absolute steal.
0	finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order . 
0	Not so nice things: - a bit too much weight and power for easy handheld use - spindle lock makes for awkward bit changing (outside of a table) - the 1/4" chuck sleeve requires MUCH tightening to keep bits from slipping
1	having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos . 
1	12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! 
1	Their website had a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a good number of files from the "Programs" directory.
1	it sure does ! 
0	The headphone jack gave out after only a couple weeks of use, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony's I'd been having. 
0	The new hardware version does not run Linux at all and most likely will not since the memory has been cut in half. 
1	So much safer than the others that require a two handed operation!
1	i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there . 
0	short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel . 
1	 This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches means better and clear view of webpages and woks made in Office .
1	this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities . 
1	 The sound is clear and clean but if your not on top of it you ca n't hear a thing .
0	And, other else,  the camera is still VGA.
1	this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem . 
1	I have to say that I am very happy with it so far.
1	With the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn, it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones.
0	it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do . 
1	The Earbuds are great headphones as good as my AGK Studio 240, well not as good but darn close.  
1	the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior . 
1	This is the fourth version of SystemWorks and the second version of Internet Security that I have used and it has always been a favorite.
1	2. Take around 10,000 640x480 pictures.
0	 The next day , I turned on my laptop and it connected to the network , but no internet connection .
0	The headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "ear buds".  
0	Also, the battery's AREN'T USER REPLACEABLE.
0	the software failed repeatedly . 
1	although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon . 
1	The screen is quite big (between all handphone), but the just about 65000 color.
0	it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk . 
1	 Absolutely love it and cant beat the price !
1	 We got this on time , and it was brand new , perfect condition , performance as can be expected for the machine specifications , keep in mind I 'm extremely computer savvy , so my opinion comes to a lot of people .
0	2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens ) 
1	 All the "cool" features of the mini, but with 20GB instead of 5.  
0	we have had this product for over a month and yesterday it stopped working . 
1	  Plus, if you order from Amazon.com, they will exchange it for you no problem.  
0	and supply those stupid white Headphones. 
0	new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays . 
1	I have ripped over 100 songs from my CD collection and it was so easy and fast, and they all sound great.  
1	the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds . 
0	i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
1	 It 's very light-weight , which is why I use this more than my Alienware .
1	 I 'm sure it would and can be useful in a different setting ; one where you would only need your volume to be at a whisper .
1	I must have gotten a good one.
1	definetely a great camera . 
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
1	 I have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	 The sound that came from that cheap little record player sounded like Carnegie Hall .
0	the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
1	it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
0	This simple nuance was too much for Nokia, and they still refuse to acknoledge the fact that their technician could have broken the phone or repair the phone for free.
0	Now in October,2004, the firewall said I couldn't OK anymore software to use the internet because its full.
1	this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones . 
1	 With the iPod, you can also store documents and contact files (from programs such as Microsoft Outlook) when it's connected to your PC as an external hard drive. 
0	i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy . 
0	the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer . 
1	I'm not sure whether this is related to the charge cycle of its Li-Ion battery, the better firmware, or a combination of both factors. 
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
1	The sound quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn't be easier to use.
1	I had a Sony ericsson T610 before this and the T610 is far inferior.
1	i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! 
1	battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so . 
0	All the camera's functionality is only available (or selectable) when the screen is functional.
0	But, the Creative Zen Micro is plagued by a serious, serious stupid and elemenatary design flaw, and I'm going to tell you what it is...But first, two more things about this piece of garbage that's so great and could've made it a potenial IPOD killer.         
1	 My blu-ray player and WD Live TV box normally lean back , smile , and light up a smoke after a good firmware upgrade , and perform well forever thereafter .
1	 Tiny .
0	I hope you have a magnifying glass, because the number displayed as well as most of the pop up options are tiny.
1	 Also , it was very easy to set up a route to my WAMP server as the process was exactly the same as my old NetGear .
1	 I especially love the ` remote ' controller stand with it 's big volume knob and simple selector buttons .
0	i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment . 
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right from the get go, so I'd think that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain ok.
1	I use a Nokia 6600, it has a great color TFT display and camera equipped with zoom, which complement a built-in video recorder with audio and a RealOne player for playback and streaming of 3GPP-compatible and RealMedia video clips.
0	After attempting to navigate the clumsy touch-pad system, I could not get the unit to download my wma files. 
1	For those Mac OSX users out there, iSync works fairly well.
0	Unfortunately, Creative offered scant few pages of instruction, which meant that I was on own from the outset. 
1	 Volume level is OK .
1	All in all, it's a good router if you don't have the cash for a Speedbooster one. 
1	 This is an excellent value .
0	 First, let me say that I got the 20gb iPod for Christmas, and I most likely would not have spent the $300 myself. 
1	All of the wireless components that I bought were a breeze to set up as well.     
0	- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking 
1	This camera is bulletproof. 
1	SIMPLE AND IT WORKS!
1	 In addition , it comes with a remote control .
0	Screen review could be better.  
1	 For a small , portable , unit , this allows you to listen to , as well as share Ipod music , and podcasts , in an intimate setting .
1	This is a great deal, and I'm elated with my decision to go with Hitachi's green machine.
0	at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice . 
1	I also like the lock feature, so it makes the touch pad inactive.   
0	Only thing I don't like about it is slow in changing apps, boot up, and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth.
1	8. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can access company VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
0	 Unfortunately , the installation software crashed several times and I had to reboot my Vista PC at least twice -- not fun .
1	 You can fill a small room with sound pretty good , but do n't think it rivals a home theater system .
1	the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use . 
0	 Addition on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this model go bad inside of 5 months .
0	had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches . 
1	the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing . 
1	 I was looking for an inexpensive , room-suited ipod speaker and this is what I got .
0	The battery issue is superficially a concern, but any reasonable solder-jockey (such as myself :-) can pop in a new one when the time comes (based upon the plentiful info gained from a google for 'ipod battery replacement').   
0	the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr . 
1	it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up . 
1	The Look & Feel: I have the black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambience. 
0	the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera . 
0	 There are limitations to what you can do with frequency adjustments because of the built-in speaker crossovers .
1	 I went out and got the Canon today. 
1	there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote . 
1	Their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific.
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
0	 Display glitches and flashes also occurred .
0	the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up . 
1	 Overall they are great stands and look good .
0	There are some highs to the 2004 edition, but mostly lows.
1	 Our purchase of an Acer Monitor was just as we expected .
1	I like some local stations, Stern, and NPR, and so the radio seemed like a great option.  
0	However, this product performed well below my expectation.  
1	I noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too.
1	 TECHNICAL SUPPORT LINE - The Buffalo Technical Support line on the other hand , was very helpful .
0	it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it . 
1	a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) ) 
1	Even with the waterproof housing it is small.
1	NIS 2003 worked like a charm last year.
0	This is only a problem at night, during the day the screen is very easy to see. 
1	- Great sound! I was very impressed, I encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is great, especially with the better headphones. 
1	i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ; 
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
1	It's easy to use, and makes transfering your CD collection to the player a cinch. 
1	 They are EXTREMELY convient and you don't have to buy them seperately Has I-Tunes, which provides qulity music at low prices.
0	 In fact others say not bright enough ?
0	i forgot , the case does n't fit . 
0	 The only issue i have against the speakers is its a little on the low tone side , but still is very good , and you can set your equalizer to make up for it .
0	My old Siemens s56, on the other hand, worked beautifully with all of the above.
1	Silver metal case -NOT PLASTIC.
0	The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
0	this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks . 
1	additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. ) 
0	I had some issues when I had enabled WEP encryption and then moved on to WPA. 
1	whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together . 
1	It's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though I haven't had to do it yet of course. 
1	this player seems to work fine with everything else . 
0	The colors are a joke, and I personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad. 
1	 Connection to the device is so easy .
1	This is an excellent router for the money.
1	It took me about an hour to set up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn't called me yet with any problems. 
1	Another good feature is that you can charge the battery by just connecting the player to your computer using the USB cable.  
0	First of all, I've never been big on earbuds - they're just not that comfortable.
1	The edge guide is top quality, easy to install and accurate.
1	It is heavy enough to make it stable, but not too heavy to preclude hand use.
1	it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into . 
0	 With it enabled , anytime we made changes to the router , we had to manually press the `` turn on radio '' button on the front of the router because the GUI one would n't work .
0	pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ? 
1	The sound is amazing. 
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over the years, however, when I need a real workhorse, I grab this router.
1	This is the mp3 player with everything I need.  As long as it lasts me a good three years, I'm satisfied.        
0	 BATTERY: Compared to the other players on the market, the iPod has one of the worst batteries around.
1	from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone . 
1	but this camera is great ! 
1	sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products . 
1	It works well with my VOIP adapter, which is also a Linksys. 
0	My fingers are kind of stubby so it took a while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones.
1	 The sound is great , not as good as my $ 1000 each Klipsch R7s , but come on , for the size and price , you will not beat these units .
1	another plus in my book , no file limits ! 
1	 This portable speaker is easy to use , powerful enough for everyday use , and available at a pretty decent price .
1	it is an extremely cool gizmo . 
1	 Very tight joints , excellent black finish , and precise speaker wire hook-ups .
1	 Office Starter Web Cam is also fairly good Light in weight and elegant Cons : I wo n't say anything bad as you are just paying 280 for this net book .
1	because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible . 
1	It's cheaper, holds more songs and is smaller.      
1	Let the Champ win you over!
0	 Cons: No AM/FM Radio Tuner-- Something a large number of competetors are doing
0	the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price . 
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
0	 FEATURES: Really, there aren't any features, unless you call the games a feature. 
1	* slick-looking design and improved interface 
1	Everything, so far, has worked flawlessly.
1	 FAR SURPASSES ANYTHING I 'VE HEARD TO DATE FOR THEIR SUPERIOR SOUND .
0	the first one would n't work from the start . 
1	 The screen quality is very high & the side view is very sharp & clear .
0	The Creative Zen Micro is a Zen Micro killer, not an Ipod killer. 
1	The setup software did everything. 
1	excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox . 
1	the buttons and interface are very easy to use . 
1	3 band and you can just change the SIM card in it to be able to use it in Europe with another service provider.
1	I did not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here.
1	Overall though, i'm very happy with it and highly recommend it to folks looking for a mp3 player, even if it is to pretend your not a braindead consumer giving into the marketing hype of the iPod. ;)     
1	this player is an ideal purchase . 
0	I then realized a major design flaw.
0	There is absolutely nothing useful at the Symantec/Norton site.
1	But the product iself is great.  
1	The latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of The States but still operates in many countries, excluding New Zealand and Australia.
1	The device looks very cool, I think (exactly as the photos promise), it's comfortable and lightweight in my jacket pocket, and the interface and controls are easy enough to navigate after a bit of practice.  
1	night mode is clear as day . 
1	i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly . 
1	I don't have problems with the depth adjustment, the speed control, the collet ( I haven't tried the 1/4" sleeve yet) .
0	 There isn't much features on the iPod at all, except games.
0	the headphone jack seems to be a major problem . 
1	 I can see a drastic difference between this monitor and Dell Ultrasharp in terms of contrast , brightness and viewing angles .
0	i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work ! 
0	it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman . 
1	 I tried setting the router up with the laptop and it connected easily and hooked me up to the internet in under 15 minutes .
1	* removable battery 
1	the camera has a wonderful set of features . 
0	My last simpler Nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use.
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
1	The total price with delivery (free shipping ) was $135 !
1	Download it fast to your computer
1	But this DOES work even if you turn off the LCD viewing -- great  battery saver.
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
1	it has a classic design yet looks hip . 
0	 Have the latest firmware but as many others have described , the router will randomly stop working for 5 minutes then work again .
1	i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player . 
0	Buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks.
0	 Bottom line : it did n't work the way it was supposed to so we 're returning it We bought this router for our two computers .
1	I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
1	In auto mode anyone can use it as a point and shoot camera.
0	 the only thing I don't like about it is that You have to buy a larger memory card, first thing!
0	less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . " 
1	Great product, easy to use, economical, effective, absolutly fabulous.
1	I use the scented bags and even if I don't no smell!
1	all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) . 
1	 I really liked the size so I researched what to buy and this was it .
1	 The monitors were both good .
1	the light auto-correction is awesome . 
0	feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
1	bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price . 
0	the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
1	 I am a big fan of iTunes, simply because it is terribly fast and convenient - IF you are buying the songs from the iTunes site.  
1	And also, since it is tri band and since it uses SIM-card, you can just use it in Europe and many other parts of the world, wherever GSM exists.
1	The included software removes any red eye easily. 
1	i am enjoying my phone a lot .... 
0	like other reviewers , installation was hell . 
1	overall this is a slightly better than average phone . 
1	I must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held.
1	the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal . 
1	 It is a wonderful little router .
1	7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch . 
1	the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging . 
1	but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! 
0	I tried to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a network geek. 
0	i was a little disappointed in the low end . 
0	But not good enough for me.
0	The touch pad is over-sensitive, and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive. 
1	If you're looking for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
1	 This was very prompt standard shipping service .
1	 Monitor was easy to set up and works as promised with my newly acquired NVIDIA glasses .
0	 If you want good sound , STAY AWAY !!!
1	It feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon.  
1	im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button ! 
0	I did have to cut off the ears  that hold the  template guide in place so I could get those big panel raising bits in it.
0	this dvd play is basicly junk . 
1	i love the storage in this thing . 
0	however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
1	 I really love this netbook .
1	Also included in the "games" section is the great music trivia option - which tests your skill at being able to quickly place your own songs. 
1	I love this pail!
1	the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product . 
1	when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat . 
1	10 great price for all the features . 
1	it has many great features and very few bad ones . 
0	-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library . 
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
1	It holds a lot of diapers, not to mention the odor!
0	Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
1	i bought it for my trip to beunos aires , and also used it at the iguazu falls , and could not have asked for more perfect performance ! 
1	 Bottom line , I have a better set of speakers , in the Creative Labs I-Trigue 2200 2.0 Speakers , on my computer -LRB- at least to my ears -RRB- , for less than half the cost .
1	navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone . 
1	the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly . 
1	this is a great camera for you ! 
1	4- Looks great.
0	The Wizard is particularly sinister. 
1	Second, the setup CD actually worked perfectly. 
1	the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices . 
1	but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad . 
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in and even harder to get out.
1	 Great Sound .
1	 Again , the sounds were spot-on and projected from where they should , the front of the TV .
1	sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod . 
0	5 . the zen does not have a stop button ! 
1	the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) . 
0	my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of . 
0	Very annoying.    
0	This program would not let me send Outlook Email or listen to Audible sample books online.
0	We constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
1	i love the eos based controls and easy menus . 
1	 Great product , works perfectly for my office !!!
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the best!
0	 The hard drive I had attached to the USB port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
1	technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! ! 
1	this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out . 
1	It feels tiny in the hand without it. 
0	 I gave up after several attempts to contact dlink support .
1	 The battery has a great life and the sound quality is very good -LRB- not professional but definitely good enough for the average consumer -RRB- .
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
0	there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient . 
1	 The contrast , crispness , and readability from even the most extreme viewing angles ca n't be beat .
1	range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography . 
1	i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision . 
0	the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on . 
1	we tried it out christmas night and it worked great . 
0	Almost from the beginning, LiveUpdate would not function.
1	- best in class sound 
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
1	we are overall pleased with product . 
0	the volume level of the phone is not all that good . 
1	The sound is bright and clear, the ability to store any MP3's (and not just Apple-approved files) is great, and I plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time.    
1	 Unless you have an enormous music/audio book library, the 20 GB model should have more than adequate storage capacity, with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs.  
1	i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date . 
0	have had problems since the first day 
1	i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate . 
0	I have used Norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2 years, the software has gotten more and more disgraceful.
0	the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective . 
1	all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera . 
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
1	And the video quality is amazing. 
1	 This device solves the problem nicely .
1	i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful . 
1	This is overall the best point and shoot camera I've used. 
0	second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed . 
1	that 's a rare and valuable feature . 
1	transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 . 
0	 This router does drop every once in a while , but not like the old router did every hour or so !
1	easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot . 
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	Especially the bluetooth server... Meaning you have to restart the phone if you want bluetooth to work again.
1	the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 . 
1	i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it . 
1	first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better . 
1	 The colors are bright , beautiful and clear .
0	Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
0	This is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support.
1	 Clear and crispy image .
1	The thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
1	all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market . 
1	It's being used daily and I have had none of the problems reported by other reviewers (headphone jack, player locking up, etc). 
0	this camera has a major design flaw . 
1	The extra GB of hardrive space, removeable battery and FM tuner, as well as the fact that I was previously a satisfied owner of the Nomad II put it over the top for me. 
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
0	1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days ) 
0	The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
0	The MS scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar, over and over(up to 1 hr, I then shut it down and used GOBACK).
0	also , the lens cap design is flawed . 
1	however , its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take . 
1	i 'm really happy with this purchase . 
1	 As for iTunes, I don't find it to be as good as the Windows Media Player as a computer mp3 player, but it is good enough. 
1	This phone is one of the milestones in the history of the cellular phones.
1	like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) . 
1	i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it . 
0	 One last note , I purchased this monitor with a higher price than what you can get in the states .
1	it has a handsfree loudspeaker, conference and transfer!
1	It may not top the iPod Mini, but it's definitely an alternative if you also want the extra features and good sound quality.  
0	the scroll bar is a bit of a pain . 
1	8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ). 
1	If you are looking for an upgrade, this is definitely the phone for you.
1	Update (March 2005): My son has been out of diapers for almost 2 years now, but the Diaper Champ hung in there till the very end - easy to use, no problems with odors, and one of the best bargains among all of the paraphernalia required for the modern baby :-)
1	the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk . 
1	I like the size and shape.
1	Good color and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
1	i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred . 
1	remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s . 
1	For the price I don't think you can beat it.
1	Works great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
1	To set up the xbox, wap, and ethernest bridge, with the encryption on was less then 30 mins. 
0	they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy . 
1	the pics can be touched up in photoshop, and be printed at 4x6 and they look great!
1	All the features are incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
1	sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored . 
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
1	Ive had this phone for a year now - and its the best phone I have owned.
1	the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise . 
1	 Fantastic display ... do n't understand why this model is n't available anymore .
0	DOwnside is the size of the phone, it is BIG for today's standard.
1	 The iPod package comes with everything you need, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB 2 which it also gives), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of course the player. 
0	1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! " 
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk wins in the area of comfort .
1	 I got it today , it works great , great sound for its size and price , I understand that the volume for iPhone and the towers own volume are two different things that should be placed at the right measures to get the better sound quality so I do n't complain for the fact of the remote not being able to control my iPhone , I highly recommend this tower .
1	It's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers.
1	Wow - was that disappointing and we didn't even have it 6 months before it broke.
1	newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box . 
1	 This audio bar has a great sound , even when i turn it up to the highest level on my laptop .
1	And it's the largest diaper pail I've seen without taking up more floor space.
1	Not only is it much more cost effective (you can use regular trash bags rather than Refills at $5 a pop), it is easier to use and clean, and has a larger capacity.
0	the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
1	the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable . 
1	1) Great audio quality overall.
0	you can't do that with a Sony T610 (which i traded for a 6600).
1	with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; 
1	This thing does everything but washes your dishes.
1	 As a Non-Technical person , I was surprised to install the Cisco Valet Plus Wireless Hotspot in less than 10 minutes .
0	sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan't up to the task . 
0	some dvd 's i rented would not play . 
0	the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use . 
1	i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too . 
1	 This is a great product and carries a lot of pride in its networking capabilities for the price !
0	 I unplugged it , plugged it back in , and the power supply failed .
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
1	It fits comfortably in my hand and pocket.
1	the g3 looks like a work of art ! 
0	 When I bought the third one , I thought I can give D-link one more try , but now I regret my decision .
1	the sound is quite good, in terms of volume.  
1	 Compared to the 19 '' Dell Monitor this replaced it is far brighter and weighs much less .
0	 2 weeks later , The monitor start having other issues , only half screen turns on , or it become a full green screen and doesnt change , you need to turn it off and on again until it works .
1	Initially, I was very impressed, after loading 180 songs it seemed to function very well but then it would lock up on me and a battery removal remedied this, I then downloaded the upgrades and everything seemed to be alright. 
1	It has given me zero problems, and the more I use it, the better I become at taking advantage of its strengths.
0	 The backlight will periodically fail , the first time it happened I sent it in for warranty repair .
1	retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display . 
1	I am soooo pleased with this product!!!
0	So I e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
1	 It works flawlessly during installation of cx501 .
1	I never had a single problem.
1	The actual experience of USING the iPod is magnificent.
1	The software that comes with the Digital Elph is very nice and intuitive.
1	Thankfully, Creative has come through with a product that puts the Ipod back in its place.  
1	It has it all.
1	Five gigabytes is plenty for my great albums. 
1	they take excellent macro shots as well . 
0	Can't get easier than that!
1	The bass is deep and the treble is clear.
0	* software is absolutely terrible : 
0	Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
1	 Build quality is great .
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four or five times so far, and I've not to get either product working properly.
1	nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
0	This fixes some glitches such as the player freezing.    
1	I've owned this router for over 8 years and am somewhat satisfied with it.
1	also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy . 
0	the player itself has all sorts of problems . 
1	 Very good value for the money .
1	 Even works better on G band than the Linksys .
0	I am giving a zero star to symantec for this version!
1	We have been using our Diaper Champ for almost 14 months now and we are very happy with it.
1	I bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the following reasons.
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
1	i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera . 
1	The Hitachi has plenty of power, runs smooth, and cuts effortlessly through maple (with Freud bits!)
1	 Great speakers overall .
0	If it weren't so big I would probably by another since no shop is complete without a handful of routers..
1	in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions . 
1	 I do n't think that really matters though - I mean hooked my Xbox 360 up to the standard VGA port a little while ago and the picture was awesome .
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
1	as said before this works perfectly . 
1	the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use . 
1	Creative was defiantly giving the IPod a run for their money with this device.  
1	The speed control is well designed and it works perfectly.
1	but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers . 
0	however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off . 
1	best in class. 
1	It works better and has more useful features than NIS 2003.
1	accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive . 
0	DOWNSIDE: It takes a long time to start up.
1	Very fast powerup and great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
1	the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited . 
0	  DURABILITY: Not good. First problem, if you haven't seen the news recently, the iPods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months.
1	I love the rounded edges now, fits so much better in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	for a specific location , i still think its a great phone . 
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room I get connected at 11-18M speed - that is similar to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	great quality picture and features . 
1	feels solid in hand . 
0	each of the 4 lasted less than six months . 
0	 This router gets 1 star from me due to it 's disconnect issue .
1	the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) . 
1	there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera ! 
0	after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	 It worked reasonably well for a while , although it frequently was barely able to keep up when I tried to stream movies , which was a big part of the reason I went to a faster router in the first place .
1	four megapixels is great . 
1	i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it . 
0	Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short.
1	it also costs a lot less than the ipod . 
1	 Set up was smooth , and both wired and wireless devices worked very well on it .
0	do not buy this product -- 
1	here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy . 
0	d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
1	great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it . 
1	7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate . 
0	on my main computer the software did not work right . 
0	1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line ) 
0	other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
1	At first I had a problem with some smell, then I realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all!
0	after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available . 
0	Most of us just want to plug and play, not spend a year navigating a maze of complicated options...like transfering everything on a hard drive to this stupid thing.
1	great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc. 
1	No need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require!
0	it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc . 
1	the screen 's large and easily read . 
1	So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
0	This router was a huge disapointment.
1	seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) . 
1	people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection . 
1	Another great feature for me anyway is the ability to load .wav sounds as ringers.
1	so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	In addition it is very easy to setup.  
0	 Called their support , they did n't have a clue so I returned it and I am looking for something else that will give me 150 mbps .
0	When I went to put in the new SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
1	it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice . 
1	Placement of the buttons and software user interface is near perfect. 
1	Solid, squeak-free, large screen.
0	It feels like I'm back to the days of 56k dial-up internet service, even though I'm running a Dell 2GHz Pentium 4 with 256MB memory and have had excellent broadband service for the past year.
1	The speed is the same as dail up, where i live we do not have wifi everywhere so this is my version of it until we catch up.
1	i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar . 
1	Songs transfer lightning fast, and the two batteries that came in my box give me 24 hours of listen time. 
0	the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others . 
0	Some more manual control would have been nice. 
1	but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera . 
1	Creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature. .
1	 - Looks fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	am i ever glad that i decided on this camera ! 
1	on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life . 
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	Pick your favorite color and buy it.      
1	i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	 It works , good customer service -LRB- so far -RRB- = 4 stars .
0	 material is on the cheap side .
1	 This is the best speaker mount I had so far .
0	tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent . 
1	As far as Linksys goes, I have used several of their products and they seem to hold up well - no problems.     
1	I'll be getting a second one for my router table!
1	i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before . 
0	You can "disable" some of the individual components, but don't be fooled--they're still there and running.
1	The manual modes give you a lot of control over exposure and white balance (but there is no manual focus or manual exposure).
1	While the perfect ordor free diaper pail has yet to be invented, the Diaper Champ is a good as it gets.
1	i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
0	i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone . 
1	i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like . 
0	this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) . 
0	  * You can't turn the volume up very high, but I think this might be for health reasons. *	
1	uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple . 
0	Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't need (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
1	In fact, it supports the new WPA encryption standard, which is WAY better than WEP.  
1	the features are really cool like the radio . 
0	Sometimes, it needs few minutes to open an application.
1	We empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
0	 My only grips are the incompatibility with XP and the USB hub in the display .
1	I have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode, while not a replacement for a dedicated video camera, its quality easily surpasses that of my old Hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick clips of things that still images just dont describe (max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a one gig card). 
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
1	 I have n't really need any since the display have proven to be very intelligent when resizing different screen res 's and I can use the ATI drivers to adjust things like color temp and gamma .
1	I got it working fast enough.  
0	Not a killer problem, but not well done, either.
1	I downloaded and updated the firmware, and followed the easy setup instructions. 
1	and so far , i 've been very pleased . 
1	the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's . 
1	best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything . 
0	4 .the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) . 
1	 Have n't setup any advanced features , but the signal strength and speed are roughly twice what I had with old router .
0	the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance . 
1	It has enough power to hog out all the material in one pass, but I usually take multiple to prevent blowout and a smoother finish.
0	my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) . 
1	The power is incredible, it cut through MDF and plywood like butter.
0	however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once . 
1	I have had mine for about a year and use a third party firmware on mine and love it. 
0	- the software that came with it was tough to load . 
1	I love this camera.
0	Configuring it for a home network was almost impossible.
1	loved the slim design . 
0	software downloads on the site crashed my pc . 
0	3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws . 
1	and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey ! 
1	interface - practically seamless . 
0	i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero . 
0	 I guess I do n't have to mention that I do not recommend this product , that I most likely will return it and keep my fingers off Cisco\/Linksys stuff in future .
1	I have a couple hundred contacts and the menu loads within a few seconds, no big deal.
1	all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) . 
1	The best part about this router is now I have a DHCP server. 
0	I have a modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it to a halt.
1	 The Center channel is JBL - S - Center II , this unit is very powerful and produces crystal clear dialogues , and it 's a 3-way speaker system .
0	after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds . 
1	and also , it 's priced very affordably . 
1	Battery life is exceptional, lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market.  
1	- outstanding signal reception 
0	6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice . 
1	i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it ! 
1	the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot . 
0	The touchpad is annoying sometimes (give me the click-wheel and pressable buttons any day), but not at all as difficult to get over as other people are saying.
1	However, the Ipod does not come close to the number of extra features that the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
0	After installation, the very first time I booted up the Creative MediaSource Organizer, intending to use its CD burning and ripping functions, it totally shorted out. 
0	4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
1	i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips, i give it 5/5 stars =) oh and btw, while you take video clips, you can zoom it too! (digital zoom only though)...but still...(my old one can't do that...you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip.)
1	Overall, I've been very impressed with the player. 
1	They're easy to use. 
0	i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it ! 
1	overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it . 
1	Sharper pictures. 
1	Just follow the instructions carefully, it's all based on a CD that has everything you need to get you up and running in no time. 
1	and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy . 
1	What an upgrade!!!
1	The battery is removable. 
1	It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the front profile!).
1	but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
1	excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures . 
0	the entire unit was poorly crafted . 
0	it is a bit cumbersome , and i can 't get to the songs i want as quickly . 
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
1	I love the touchpade controls. 
0	the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line . 
1	I upgraded from an older 801.11b router to the Linksys WRT54G for its improved security, and of course, speed. 
1	the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) . 
1	 The design, as mentioned above, is sleek, cool and trendy (and I think trendy = good, but it's always hard to tell these days). 
1	The radio works excellent in my area, I'm not sure everywhere else.  
0	It's a rip off if one buys Norton Internet Security and antivirus.
1	The player looks great, feels great, and sounds great. 
0	seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently cannot recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " . 
1	It beats Apple on the storage space, it beats apple on the removable battery (and batter life), and I personally like its interface more than the Ipod scroll wheel.  
1	 Not a bad monitor for $ 120 but it 's nothing special .
1	the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative . 
1	We just use the Glad tall kitchen trash can bags with odor shield from Target and they work wonderfully.
0	The next problem was that it didn't recognize all the installed components, so it would not update them, most notably and importantly, virus definitions.
1	The ringtones are beautiful, the screen is super high quality.
1	my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both . 
1	this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well . 
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
1	when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off . 
1	great price . 
0	i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason . 
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	We bought this about 6 months ago and it's been worthless.  
1	best electronic i 've bought since i was born . 
1	the service from t-mobile is very good too . 
0	2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic . 
0	It had issues right off the bat, with freezing up, staying in 'SHUTTING DOWN' mode, and just not functioning very well in general. 
1	the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long . 
0	i tried to play the song three times , with no success . 
0	The battery life can't be very long; let's not be greedy.
1	 Overall, this product is AWESOME. 
0	within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob . 
1	Since I use it in a table, I don't use the plunge feature, but if I ever need it I've got it.
1	i would recommend this product to anyone . 
0	2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
1	t simply the best player on the market for a really low price, so why look anywhere else?      
0	i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better . 
1	The size is tiny, which I love.
0	many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player . 
1	The plusses are the features, look, good signal and battery life, memory size and robustness.
1	This did manage to cut the number of popups during start-up from 4 down to 2.
1	 I am not to savy with a computer but the D-link is very easy to install and set up .
0	It still smelled.
0	 The stand is by far the most inferior aspect of this monitor .
1	 Screen brightness is really good .
0	the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out . 
1	It's easy to use. Not too small, and not too big.
0	It's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router, activate the chuck lock, and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up.
1	This one has a good looking.
0	There will be much erasing of text as, one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters.
1	i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer . 
1	 I ordered it on a Monday afternoon -LRB- around 2 PM -RRB- and with no extra shipping costs , the monitor was at my door in Chicago by the time I got home from work Tuesday .
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
0	The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	If you want to purchase a real case or container or clip-on carrier for you Zen Micro, expect to purchase it separately and to dish out big time. . 
1	5. Check traffic411.com for LA traffic on the 405.
1	the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use . 
0	a bit dissapoitnd on that!
1	What impressed me most was the sound.  
1	I can go pretty far away from my router and still connect wirelessly.  
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
1	 Excellent monitor .
1	This is my second digital camera, but I'm much more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
1	I highly recommend this!
1	also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy . 
1	it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine . 
1	try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface . 
1	With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform which this phone runs on (I own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction.
1	the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof . 
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
1	 it sounds great out on the patio or on my night stand .
1	 Features: click wheel to navigate; ability to work with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the time, or have it shut off to save battery power after 5, 10, or 20 seconds); ability to download PDA info; automatic or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
0	Hard drive screws up occasionally
1	i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer . 
1	it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes . 
0	because the "engineers" at Creative screwed up the design of the headphone jack. 
1	great camera . 
0	my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software . 
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	FM tuner & Microphone : Having a tuner in the player is a blessing. 
0	c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said 
0	Who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95? (I also bought the back-up CD).
1	i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him . 
1	 I give it a rating of 5 stars for looks .
1	 This sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
0	I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time!
1	i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer . 
1	 The speaker bar response was spot-on .
1	the moveable lcd screen is great . 
1	 So far the router has worked well .
0	* I'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
1	when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome . 
1	the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
0	  Cons Breaks easily. 
1	it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket . 
0	3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing . 
1	This camera is great if you're used to a high-end SLR.
1	2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection . 
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves . 
1	The Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC card and I think that is certainly the most exciting feature.
1	i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a PDA.
0	navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs . 
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
0	 Shareport is not compatible with Mac OS .
1	 Well it had good power but no precision at all .
0	b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
1	4) One nice thing about Nokias is that they have a ton of ring tone and game choices.
1	I have not yet used all the features, like the calendar, etc, but as a music player this little thing rocks.  
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
0	i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size . 
0	the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now . 
0	 Maybe this new design is more durable than the last, but I kind of doubt it.  
1	The greatest thing about the software (in my humble) is that it reads your CD info. 
1	i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper . 
1	it is small . 
1	So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
1	All in all this is a 5 star piece of equipment. 
1	i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags . 
0	When taking pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
1	The dual anteanna is a plus and the design is slick.   
1	A call to customer support (got to a live person within a couple of minutes) helped me tweak a couple of the settings to streamline performance.  
1	to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player . 
1	I love my dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it.  
1	 I would n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the speed on the bottom floor of the house is much improved .
0	Opening the Champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- I pinched my thumb a few times before I got the hang of it.
1	zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod . 
0	software - music match jukebox is n't the greatest , the search funtion is n't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut . 
1	first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's . 
1	sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) . 
1	The sound is great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
0	this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared . 
1	can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go . 
0	Well, my second one is now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
1	received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector . 
1	 It works fine without the dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
1	It's cute as anything and the glowing blue LED looks super cool around the edges. 
1	Great reception, visibility and interface (may be complicated by others).
1	 Good quality for a small portable speaker .
0	it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot . 
1	the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand . 
1	The diaper champ couldn't be easier to use.
0	  If there were any complaints I have, they are marginal, but one is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with other music services (i.e. Napster) is down right wrong.
1	so far the software for the pc works easily . 
1	it is versatile and seems to be one of the best . 
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with great sound quality .
1	 The speakers are nice , no question about it ; the sound is good for the size ; the range is what you might expect from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps even better than expected -RRB- .
1	i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take. 
0	the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well . 
1	 The sound is surprising full , with a fair amount of bass , even for such a small unit .
1	 I 'm quite happy with my new speaker bar .
0	The touch sreen navigation will take a little getting used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is still alive, it's a great alternative to the marching in lock step with the click wheel commies. 
0	but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
1	despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box ! 
1	 I followed the easy instructions in the manual , and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup Wizard which will work with your OS if you choose to use it .
1	It doesn't stink, ever (like some have assumed since it doesn't wrap each diaper into its own neat little cocoon).
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
1	recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available . 
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
0	HOWEVER, configuration of my system and actual setup of the router for wireless use took me more than 3 hours, and briefly made me reconsider my choice to forego the airport and its notoriously easy setup. 
0	Even the PDF manual that comes with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
1	The darn thing works as promised and it's amazingly cheap too. 
1	The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
1	replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 . 
1	 They fix the problem and help you with whatever your I-Pod needs Comes with two USB ports and a charger.
0	When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
0	seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection . 
1	it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones . 
1	 I would strongly recommend this product !
0	Since zen does not have an external antena it has some problems catching weak signals but it works. 
1	But you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars.
1	the phone is very light weight . 
1	A Sony Ericcson may be the phone for you... but good luck finding one w/ all the features & such a competitive price.
0	After 4 attempted installs, I have finally given up.
0	up , down , left , and right would have given me better control . 
1	lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options . 
1	So, why the small Digital Elph, rather than one of the other cameras with better resolution or picture quality? size[+2]##because, unless it's small, I won't cary it around.
1	All in all, this is a wonderful device.  
1	another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world . 
0	 I guess that `` limited lifetime warranty '' means it may take a lifetime to collect on the warranty .
1	All at the same time, and all without a hitch.
1	 For those of you looking for excellent sound reproduction , expecially during a raging Decepticon battle , look no further .
1	 The price was the lowest I 'd seen in my research -LRB- Best Buy , Office Depot -RRB- .
1	 When I saw a lot of plastic where there was metal I was concerned that the sound would not be as good .
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
1	Very good balance in the hands and lighter than most 3 1/4 hp models.
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
0	At first glance, I thought this phone was a little too big for me, maybe a little too complicated.
1	Upon opening the box I was confronted with this small cute little MP3 player. 
1	10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter . 
0	Then the most disappointing was trying to use Viper raised panel bits that just barely fit, and I mean just barely.
0	The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other times the slightest brush causes something to be selected that you don't want. 
1	it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps . 
0	what the hell is wrong with this thing . 
0	I thought this camera was awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
1	anything this phone does , it does perfectly . 
0	however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line . 
0	The program brings more problems than a virus, albeit not as major problems, just not what you expect for 70 bucks.
0	This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system.
1	There are 3 computers in my house all getting wireless connection from this router, and everybody is happy with it. 
1	you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games . 
0	 You can't change the battery, so I don't know what I'm going to do in a year or so.
0	Don't buy the diaper champ.
1	this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player . 
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
1	 It came back working , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech support did n't turn out to be true in my case .
1	 I am above average with technical knowledge but it is easy enough for the beginner to set up .
1	Once installed, however, some of the functions do work OK (Disk Doctor, One Button Checkup, and WinDoctor).
1	This is a GREAT product!
0	Limitations: - Not a lot of original accessories like the iPod. 
1	and it holds sooooo much music and audio files . 
1	overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
1	after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck . 
0	i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous . 
1	Even with that, I highly recommend this router - outstanding performer.
1	i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can take good quality pictures. 
1	 : - -LRB- All that being said , the speakers have good sound quality .
1	 It is smaller than I expected when I ordered it , but as it turns out , so much the better .
1	silverish color really adds a special touch . 
0	The photos in the address book are terribly scaled too; they look as though they were built out of legos.
1	  I have transferred in about 2,400 tracks so far - very easy to use both the Ipod and iTunes. 
1	Record memos using the built in microphone.  
1	Everything else about the ipod is great, the click wheel is very easy to use and so is the software that comes with it.
0	 The labeling of firmware itself is a mystery and suggests that this company is just scrambling to put out fires .
1	2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer ) 
1	The phone is sturdy.
1	 For those who want the thump that this is capable of producing -LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
1	this thing seriously is a good player though . 
0	This is somewhat annoying, but from working with computers (espcially windows -- ugh...)
1	Versatile and stylish.
1	 Battery life keeps improving on the iPod, and a new iPod will give you up to twelve hours of play time, per charge. 
1	 Way to go Apple!  
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
0	yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture . 
0	 The user support service isn't too great either.  
1	Handset quality is great, as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality.
0	the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire . 
0	 Mid-range is n't the best , but it 's certainly there and enough to satisfy anyone not looking to spend $ 300 + on computer speakers .
0	The dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
0	 When I reset it , like unplugging it and plugging it back in , I would get the N speeds 150 mbps the first time it connected and would transfer files at that speed , then usually next time I connected it would drop back to 65 or 52 mbps and stay at these speeds .
0	 I tried these speakers and found them to preform well below expectations for this price .
1	It looks sleek and modern. 
1	The Great And Versatile iPod	 I love my iPod! 
1	With the Champ all you had to do was drop the dirty diaper into the opening and flip the lid.
1	 The D-Link has a ton of features including USB printer sharing , two wireless networks -LRB- one not connected to the LAN -RRB- , and a really comprehensive settings menu .
1	 This one has a color display, which I like a lot, being very visual. 
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
0	The navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy.
1	Very simple and painless.
1	the fm radio is cool . 
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will be pleasantly surprised by how well this baby runs .
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception . 
1	the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable ! 
0	navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can 't do once you 've gotten comfortable with it . 
1	 The sound is so good that my boyfriend wants one now !
1	the manual mode is feature rich and i can 't wait to get the hang of it . 
1	i love my new nomad , its great ! 
0	also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
1	i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period ! 
1	It is currently permanently mounted (3 years now) in my router table and will most likely stay there until its shot.
0	In addition, I do not think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours, and it can take four hours for a full charge.
0	the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said . 
0	My other nit is that it didn't include at least some kind of carrying case for everything.  
1	 I 've had this monitor for over a year and I absolutely LOVE IT !
1	also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage . 
1	 For the price there 's nothing better .
1	 These are good looking , durable speaker stands .
1	Other than that, I love this camera.
1	Everything I Wanted! The Apple iPod has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason.
0	The only other problem with this router that I have encountered is the plunge action will start to stick, then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated.
1	i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
1	i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use . 
0	it wo n't play all of my movies . 
1	It sits in the corner of our bathroom and we have never had any problems with odors at all (and we live in the damp and humid South, where odors of all kinds are generally rife).
0	 You guys need to hire new repair technicians because the ones that are in the repair center obviously have no idea what they are doing .
1	I upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP operating system).  
0	 Acer has been awful to deal with , they treat their customers like rubbish , and have a miserable repair facility to match their products .
0	 The customer support is very rude .
1	it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	It is a great router for a table and with the depth adjustment knob it is easy to adjust depth prescisely.
1	 I highly recomend theese speakers .
1	The S100's image quality rates in the middle of its class, but it can still be a reasonable choice for students, families, or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound with media and battery pack.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	This is also the case with NIS 2004.
0	i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
0	it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it . 
1	Handsfree future is good, but not too exciting.
0	because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product . 
1	- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for . 
1	very simple to use . 
1	 I took a chance with this new product and am pleased , except in six months it will cost half of what I paid , but that 's the price for current state of the art .
0	it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot . 
0	) Creative, Inc. the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box, then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on EVERY single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices. 
0	Warning! The Windows "remove program" feature does not do a good job of this, and neither does Norton's own removal program.
1	 We like Acer products and this one does n't disappoint .
0	p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ? 
1	i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
1	Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from.
0	There is no way you can talk with customer care about this.
0	i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended . 
1	 if you 're okay with removing the skin each time you want to use the speaker system , then by all means purchase these speakers as they are great !
1	oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy . 
1	 Shipping was fast and they are very easy to set up .
1	with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod . 
1	 Good price !
1	 Easy to pair !
1	I almost always get a good strong signal, even in fairly remote areas here in the southwest.
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
1	this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get . 
1	i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
0	the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out ! 
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
1	 However , the view angle on this thing is so big that you will see very clearly on any desk\/viewing situation you normally run across .
1	the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy . 
1	I've owned many Norton products in my time, and for the most part, I've been pleased with their performance.
0	I was using a Motorola T720i with Verizon and I had alot of dropped calls and I had troubles syncing data.
1	I hooked the Linksys wireless router up to a broadband connection which is running at a maximum of 700 plus Kilobytes on the download e!
1	The touch buttons are textured so that your finger sdon't slip which was very thoughtful.   
1	 So besides the annoyances , this is a fine speaker for the amount I paid .
1	4. The Build is just right.
1	i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome . 
1	i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it . 
1	Setup in XP was instant and intuitive. 
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
1	In fact, people who have been present while I changed my almost 3 month old son's diaper have been amazed at how the very 'potent' smell of the dirty diaper seems to disappear once I dispose of the diaper in the Diaper Champ.
1	speaker phone quality is good, and poping in a 512mb MMC card, it rocks !
0	they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
1	It is much easier to fill and unload than the Diaper Genie, plus, why buy refills when you can use trash bags from the Dollar Store?
0	i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed ! 
1	digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get a clear good quality picture
0	 Well the theory was great , but upon enabling the guest network , things stopped working .
1	 However , I now have it running nicely and it produces a nice picture .
1	anyway, my wife got this for me for my birthday and I love the thing. 
1	The Micro has an impressive array of very nice features and a well designed user interface. 
1	it is crystal clear . 
0	You hit the message button on the front and it takes a matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
1	 For me its perfect and the quality for games and word docs is more than acceptable .
1	It definitely keeps the smell out.
0	 I bought this set it up and would not connect at wireless N speeds .
1	 Very good range and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
1	I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
1	 Things are much more distinct , and I do n't have to strain my eyes and squint when I am trying to read something on the screen -LRB- like I had to do with my clunky old monitor -RRB- .
1	Also I like the  position of all the controls and the fact that it doesn't have any extra  knobs or gizmos.
1	as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better . 
0	 This model router has now failed me twice in the short span of time mentioned .
1	The voice recorders good, but you can't record songs off the radio for ring tones.
0	-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
1	i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised . 
0	The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
1	The bass treble the sound detail is awsome. 
1	 and I love extremely low , loud bass , and as such , I suplemented the system with a sweet JBL sub .
1	1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
1	well , it was nice while it lasted . 
1	 The switch negotiated the speed just fine and presented the router with a GigE link .
1	I bought this diaper pail when my son was just a few days old and I absolutely LOVE it!
0	 Avoid this model like the plague .
0	They are a royal pain to install, and don't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all.
0	loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well . 
1	 Then I would say that this LCD monitor have many feature in one piece .
0	 The problem is that the fastest speed anything has connected to it has been around 72MB\/s , even when in the same room .
1	 This machine will change your whole idea of what a laptop should be .
0	The touch pad does take a little getting used to. 
1	The plunge lock and power switch are very easily accessible which is a must when doing free hand routing.
0	a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine . 
1	The sound is very nice.  
1	 The Netgear Router was simple to set up and has worked well for the last couple to few months I have had it .
0	i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
1	 The colors are clear , also .
0	 There is also no voice recording, something most if not all MP3 players have that the iPod doesn't.
0	It just tells you to start disconnecting and attaching cables without any input as to whether your current setup includes a pre-existing router (mine does), without any clarity as to whether you should be running the wizard on a hard-wired PC or a wireless equipped PC. 
1	i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems . 
0	however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times . 
0	I can NOT find a carrier for this phone I like, end up just tossing it in my purse.
1	nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something . 
0	The viewfinder does not accurately represent the pucture being taken.
0	 It is tall , so I ended up laying it on its side .
0	Imagine my disappointment, though, when the Zen Micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest FM signals in my area.  
1	2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use . 
0	 The new router worked well for 2 months after which it had failed .
0	otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward . 
0	Two, the single wrench just doesn't work well.
1	the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered . 
1	The fact that has an open-source firmware makes it a great option in my opinion. 
1	because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's . 
1	but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. . 
1	i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal . 
1	It films 10 second video, for crying out loud.
1	 I have been dealing with wireless routers and access points for a long time -LRB- most recently with Cisco\/Linksys -RRB- and this was the easiest most efficient setup I 've ever experienced .
1	 I did not even have to hit the `` auto tune '' button , it just worked instantly .
1	good looks 
1	i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed . 
1	 Much faster than my previous Acer One Netbook with single processor .
1	Otherwise, I am extremely please with the Creative Zen Micro 5GB MP3 player.    
1	most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy . 
1	 Selected it because it looked easy to install .
0	it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full.
1	nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have . 
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	The flash is surprisingly good and even the video quality is excellent. 
1	Sound quality? Phenomenal. 
0	 I wished that they could make the volumn a little bit louder .
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	The opening could be a little wider, I suppose, but I haven't really seen anything else that could be improved.
0	i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then it died . 
0	door broke after a month . 
0	Ultimately you will learn just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved.
1	 Not that Apple computers break down often but this is cheap insurance for 3 years .
1	 The satellite speakers actually are really reach in the bass tones .
1	the prints are beautiful ! 
1	Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
1	it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich . 
1	for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison . 
1	It has everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, and a good operating system with lots of supporting software.
0	where close to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a second one free).  
0	unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . " 
1	i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards . 
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
1	Cuts are easy and smooth.
1	the camera was a marvel . 
0	f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course 
0	the headphones are not very comfortable, but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have.  
0	If you buying this player to use with Napster to Go, wait a while. 
1	A decent peice of hardware with great speed (I get the same speeds as with my comp connected directly to the modem)  and good signal quality. 
1	I am very pleased with my purchase.
0	minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable . 
1	I was looking for a compact, rugged (I carry it hiking, skiing, boating, etc) camera which is easy to use.
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
1	Overall it is a great value.
0	got way too many blurry pictures . 
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
1	the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see . 
0	I've alway liked Symantec products, except for this version 2004.
1	 Overall I would reccomend these to someone who wants a set of small but effective computer speakers at a reasonable price .
0	the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name . 
0	This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there.
0	always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped . 
1	 I have seen no dead pixels or color bleeding that I 've heard about with other ACER models
1	the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat. clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner . 
1	 Bottom line is for the price , these things sound GREAT and have tons of good bass .
1	It really is the perfect travel  camera, plus it offers the convenience of digital photography.
