1	cheap, E-Z to use
0	None
0	slow
1	durable, lots of features, size, speaker phone, voice dialing
0	NONE
1	Fast Printing, High Quality Borderless Photo Prints &amp; Mac OS X Compatible
0	Can't think of any right now
1	features
1	Price, ease of use, AC adapter
1	Backlit blue screen, Ease of use, durability
0	Only in bright sun light. No display, no review. Crap software &amp; BAD support.
1	Very Very light and small indeed, Dirt cheap, Quite stylish.
1	Small Compact Versatile Cell
0	None.
1	Excellent print , scan and copy quality
0	ink cartridge runs out very quickly
0	Radiation Levels, long menus, 100 Number Memory.
1	awasome cell phone.two way.
0	See above
1	Price, Good Quality pictures
1	Best phone/pda convergence device out there.  Good reception, nice battery life.  Full Palm functionality.
1	Tremendous features, cheap accessories
1	Inexpensive/Quality photos/useful features not found on most cameras in the $$ range/Simple to use.
1	CHEAP!! And its a cell phone
0	nothing yet.
1	Small and sleek. Takes video and photos. And holds a lot of files.
1	Fast easy setup, picture perfect photo's, low price
0	Pictures tend to be blurry
1	Great copies, Quiet, solid, reliable, good technical support.
0	Color red looks poor, other modes are confusing to use, no real accessories included
0	Li-Ion 650 mAh battery, some menus and options (or the lack of them).
0	size
1	Cheap, Reliable, Relatively Small
0	Shutter Button 1 Second Delay, Tiny Connection into Camera
1	rugged, sturdy easy to use phone
0	Paper jams frequent&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Bad long term colour quality
0	No sound recording, no movie recording beyond 30 seconds
0	 none, as far as I'm concerned
1	Small size, nice display, ergonomic, nice display on outside of clamshell, large& easily accessably keypad
1	Small Great Price Movie Option
0	Slow call answering; slow media response; call dropping; Poor Motorola support; can't hear ringer.
1	Ink is very reasonable, very easy to operate.
1	Easy to use, good paper feed.
0	Drops calls, slow OS, no flash on camera, bad camera, ugly, small outside screen...Everything!
1	Great image quality, good manual  overrides, nice looks and ergonomics. 
1	Optical zoom, macro, hard lens cover, excellent price, long battery life and high quality pics
0	a little more expensive than some others
1	ADF(automatic document feeder)Text
1	Design; Come with charger and rechargable battery; movie mode with sound; easy file tranfer.
1	exceptional battery life, resolution,special effects
1	Price. Photo quality. Features.
1	Great Printing Quality, Resolution Is Okay, Included Software!
1	Inexpensive compared to some
0	Mediocre graphics quality, a bit noisy
0	Unable to download wallpaper.
0	Large size
0	Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, see cons in review
1	Easy to Use, Price, Size, Zoom Lens
1	Great music
1	Picture quality is great and easy to use
0	Slow printing, one feed roller operation. Vertical envelope feed only.
1	Quite fast, cheap ink costs.
1	great printing quality, reasonable purchase price
1	Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
1	Great image quality, high-resolution color LCD screen, menu-driven selection system, multitude of flash and exposure settings
0	Excellent print, scan,copier
1	good quility
0	Only can be pushed from behind and sun gets in babys eyes.
1	Innovative flip-out thumb-board, color screen, integrated FM radio, email client, high gadget factor
0	No print density control: prints too light with some fonts.
1	It looks nice
1	Outstanding photo quality, quiet, built-in PC card slot
1	Looks cool
0	I'm a network administrator and even I found the phones menus to be confusing.
1	none
1	Cool looking
0	no games
1	Very versatile, light weight
0	Noisy, slower than most, could have better software
0	more pixels can be better, battery life, no special effects
1	Easy to program, comes with two different colorful covers.
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
0	None.
0	3x zoom, not great at night, large, expensive.
0	awkward to hold
0	Cost of ink cartridges
0	Pictures may be on the grainy side if you plan to print them out, due to pixel resolution ~ may want to spend more to get the maxi-pixel sharpness of photos printed out; may grow out of this one and want to buy a more expensive one; limited features
0	confusing controls
1	Movie and Sound, Great quality pictures, Easy to use
0	HAD TO BE FIXED
0	battery life, slow response from buttons
1	Takes great pictures
0	cannot send text messages, only 9 ringing choices and most of them are annoying.
1	Inexpensive, great picture quality, and durable.
0	shutter buttons drop out
1	Excellent, low-noise images; compatibility with Canon external flash units; user interface is easy
1	Good metering, High quality, sharp and very fast 5x optical zoom lens
0	A bit too heavy and bulky.  Not for a lady's bag obviously.
1	Small size, excellent image quality, easy to use
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
1	Looks sharp nice display lots of features
0	pictures have low resolution and it uses alot of batteries
0	All the hype without the performance makes this an awful purchase.
1	Fast warmup, fast printing, both USB &amp; Parallel ports, expandable RAM.
0	bulky and hard to maneuver when closed
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use.
1	Nice curvy design, wide selection of hard and rubber covers, durable
1	sleek design, small form factor, good reception & battery life
1	Service is great in certain areas
0	Ringtone Options, Picture Integration
0	none to date
0	Handsfree jack and headset are a joke!
1	Lightweight, only 12 lb.
0	It's junk.
0	Almost useless at night, poor picture quality
0	None
1	Good features - nice design - sharp images
0	Expensive ink cartridges
1	Small and compact size. Leave lots of room on the desk, when space is minimal.
0	Certain menu navigations; Width
0	Not expensive if you remember you can add a 2nd head for 2 sided printing.
0	Jams with specialty paper; uses ink quickly; just average for text
0	A little too small for my fat fingers, but not a big deal... :~)
1	Cheap, effective, perfect for a college student.
0	I have had the original and two replacements lockup and fail
0	Flipper breaks off easily, worse reception than my Nokia, bad lighting, buttons too small
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, many options, supports wide variety of paper sizes
1	Like all nokias, colored, buttons (I liked them)
1	4 Megapixel, Super Zoom, Cheap, Great Feature Set
0	Flimsy construction. Little overall compression strength.
1	Print documents &amp;amp; Pictures
0	Need to download extra software to run some videos and pictures
0	Print time (but easy to shorten)
0	Reliability not that great, big and loud
0	Can't charge with desktop charger with cover on...nothing else yet.
1	good only if you want to print letters or simple reports in black ink.
1	Rugged,  Small and Reliable with nice features
0	Difficulty in recognizing my Olympus digital camera for a direct download.
0	Keys are a bit small, battery life is not great compared to a 6310i
0	Sometimes goes into roam in big buildings.  Rubber piece protecting the handsfree broke off.
1	An acutal ring sound, decent display, small/lightweight, good amount of features.
0	no ringtones, no way to change heading/logo
1	Brillian color. Extremely fast.
1	multiple functions
1	NONE
1	simple to use, clear screen
1	Clarity, Speakerphone, Phone Book, Voice Dial and Ring, Battery Life,Size
0	Bad Quality, Not worth the low pricetag, opt for an HP
1	Easy to use and reasonably priced.
1	Quick, easy to use camera.
1	Sturdy, bright screen, loud, clear speakerphone, classy looking, easy to navigate
1	Nice pictures, fairly easy-to-navigate menus, flexibility
1	The camera has it's advantages, small, lightweight, easy to operate and handle.
0	Cost
1	Price, fast uploading, size, TV viewing, flash 
1	Its tiny, the screens amazing, I love it!!!!
1	Small size, good resolution, USB connector.
0	doesn't fold up the best
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
0	Not good for close up or business work
1	fast lens, good (AAs) battery life, very flexible functionality, quick turnround, mjpeg movies, good display
0	My #1 con is the viewfinder parallax when zooming.
1	great potential pics
0	USB wouldnt work On windowsME for me
0	slow photo printing, expensive replacement cartridges, crooked form feed gets worse with time, massive footprint
0	None
0	battery life
0	Can't ring & vibrate on same settings, takes many keystrokes to operate menu.
0	Speed, but for this price I can't complain.
0	cost of ink cartridge. 90 day warranty. no alter to ink level 
1	Nice color screen, E911
0	None!
0	1.6X Focal length multiplication 
0	picture quality
0	Antennae sticks out, looking silly and breakable. Ridiculously expensive!
1	Get overall camera
1	Great reception, sound quality and features!
0	none yet
0	bulky, scans black and white only, scanner not flatbed.
0	detachable hood is a bit weird
0	Lack of features
0	Double AA batteries.
0	Too long of a delay to take picture.
0	proprietary batteries.
1	Excellent photo output, USB
0	I haven't found one yet
1	Features, Photo quality, size
1	Usability, Design, Colour Screen, Good Reception, Connectivity, Fun Features.
1	Looks pretty, has extra functions
0	to many clicks to get to browse the phone book
0	Not the best for shooting shots back to back. Comes with little memory and no case..
1	Good camera body&amp;outlook, photos with good details, sharpness and colour, pleasing lens coatings, AA-powered
1	Small Size, 3.2 MegaPixels!, metal body, minor tweaks from S200
1	Size, Price, Resolution, Menu Layout
1	Creativity booster; Great battery life; easy to use and great picture resolution
0	No included AC adapter, the whole "doesn't freakin' work" thing is a big con too.
0	No car kit, fragile
1	Size, Features, Causes stares =)
1	good size, well laid out controls
1	Software included, print quality, scanner 
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, viewfinder (with option to turn off), great customer service
0	Shorter battery life, not many frills (if you care about those -I don't)
0	Flush keypad can cause miss keying.
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
0	Resolution is higher on the BJC-8200
0	NONE
0	So far, I have nothing negative to say about the phone.
1	Good signal, lightweight
0	LCD screen drains batteries
0	eats ink very fast
1	Low or no cost!! (After Rebate)
1	Good price, fast and crisp output
1	Excellent print quality, good price
0	A little tricky to set up.
0	uses a lot of batteries, and doesn't take good close ups
0	No voice recorder, different battery to old phones.
0	Big and a bit over sized!
0	bulky and kind of big, not as attractive as the other phones out there
0	When using infant carrier, older child cannot sit; somewhat heavy; manuvering in stores takes practice!
1	no antenna, bright blue light when the face is off. cheap
0	Poor color print quality, interface problems, noisy, frequent and lengthy head cleaning procedure on startup
0	Low selection of ringer options, must open phone to view anything and breakable antenna
0	No Zoom, Bad picture quality, not good for taking pictures of memories
1	Color quality is great, inexpensive, smart ink system!
0	Won't print most of the time
1	16" wheels = smooth ride, easy to push even for a small person
0	Not cheap to replace if you lose it.
1	Easy to manuever
0	found none yet
1	Picture quality, features, battery life, use of "standard" Sony parts - MemoryStick, battery, etc
0	keys are small and sensitive,many menus to step through for some features, GSM/GPRS only
1	Is simple to use and takes decent photos.
0	Menu gets confusing, battery
1	Nice compact Cellular Phone!
1	Small, lightweight, strong construction
1	Small size, improved functions, stainless steel body, options!, and more
0	Image distortions
1	Lightweight, easy to maneuver, easy to put together.
1	Great color screen, great battery life
1	Easy to fold, quite compact(when folded), convenient
0	Clearing paper jams can be tricky, requires significant component replacement periodically.
1	Picture quality, Available features, Li-Ion battery.
0	no storage
1	Good value for money for 2.1 MPix camera. Battery life longer than expected.
1	Fast, excellent print quality.
1	Good software bundle and rebates.  Easy to setup.  Very very cheap.
1	size, weight, lens
0	Long warm-up period
0	High battery drain, Distracting flash indicator
0	Fragile, lacks expansion slots, inferior case options
0	Print quality leaves much to be desired. 
1	Looks great, very light weight and stylish. External LCD
0	Takes a second or two for the picture to actually take.
1	Cheap, small.
0	Moderately noisy.
1	No more photomats, lightweight, hooks directly to TV for instant images
1	Price, speed, quality, ease of use/installation
1	Smooth ride, Comfortable for  baby,lightweight
0	Size, poor integration ergonomics&#13;&#10;Very weak ringer
1	Great print quality
1	So many Features
0	Picture brightness often has to be editted., Price.
1	It has alot of memory to store names, numbers. Built-in web access
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
1	digital SLR, good image quality, remote control
1	Size, Ease of use, Style, Sleekness, Color
1	Price, Quality of Print, Design, Ease of Use
1	Easy to Use - Many Functions
1	Great Print Quality&amp;#9;
0	It comes in a decent price.
1	Great quality color and black and white printing for a really good price
0	Confusing software, short battery life.
0	Not for very serious photography.
1	Trimode, still competitive with its ahead-of-its time battery life, size & weight
1	Small, Sturdy, Good Battery Life
1	Ease of use, cheap fun
1	Great value; Dependable print capacity; User-friendly; Simple installation
0	It may not impress the gadget folks
0	Poorly written instruction manual
0	BIG,HEAVY,NO SHADE, IMPOSSIBLE TO DRIVE
1	Speaker Phone, Radio, Virtually Unbreakable, and A Lot More...
1	The camera is okay
0	Color printing and time span per printed page
1	Easy instructions and software.  Compact, durable and light-weight.
1	Very simple to use, great battery life, very durable, comes with ear wired ear piece.
1	Tri-Mode
0	Skyscrapers cause signal drop-outs.
0	drains batteries quickly
1	Large grip for bigger hands, able to record video clips
1	great memory
1	Excellent phone with tons of features.
1	Reliable, fast black ink printing
0	slow
0	Company doesn't support their product!
1	smooth ride
0	weight
0	Calling glitches. Belt clip not included. Address book is clunky to use.
0	No games were included with phone, Nick had to download a few.
1	Good picture quality
0	Not as cool as other cell phones on the market.
0	lens cover, dim display, 4Mb included media
1	All in one.
1	Great quality, inexpensive, easy to install, cool printer monitor, works with parallel and USB
1	Good price for color phone. Take photo with camera attached .
1	Low cost, high quality and FAST!
0	Price (depends on how you buy it though...)
0	None so far
0	a little on the heavy side when carrying
1	Brilliant output on any paper. Fast, easy to use, convenient, Don't need a computer to print.
0	Only 2.0 Megapixels
1	Small, great battery life
1	The display  screen,ringer tones,style,performance and price.
0	might be too small for some.
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
0	very expensive, web feature is so slow as to be almost useless
0	Loud, Paper feeder slow to load, clunky
0	Have to buy better cartrige
0	Feeder gets worn out after a while
1	Pretty much has every feature you could possibly need, great look
1	Flexibility, light weight, sturdy.
1	Individual ink tanks
1	Joystick Control, Lightweight, Bright backlight
0	tiny size, expensive
1	Good Looking
1	Good quality inexpensive initially
0	Rome
0	no web enablement
0	non-expandable memory, poor bluetooth, short battery life
1	The size, cost, no contracts, roaming fees etc.
0	Shutter lag can be a bit slow some times. 
0	No Bluetooth, Bad Signal Strength, Poor Battery Life, No Longer Supported
1	Convenience, ease of use, zoom lens
0	none yet
1	Great quality at a good price
0	Buying accessories ...
0	A bit slow and noisy
0	Slower than the S750 when printing text. Text output isn't as crisp.
0	Print head is not part of cartridge and , this printer tends to get head clogs.
1	Very good camera. Works excellent with a Mac. 
0	FRAGILE antenna, poor ergonomics, phonebook, user interface, weak vibrate
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech support
1	Price, ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, fast transfer time
1	Slim profile, small size, well constructed, bright screen and good audio quality.
0	Poor customer service, canopy tends to slip off when pulled back.
0	Short standard battery life,
1	Good Speed, High Quality Images
1	Quality, Price, Picture quality. Customer Service people. Pentax Lenses. Software
1	Memory storage is huge
0	Paper alignment problem now and then; flimsy?
0	Folding and unfolding is akward and there is no cup holder
0	Gobbles up batteries like nothing you ever saw, but what digital doesn't? 
0	prints slowly
0	Not presentation quality printing
1	Easy to use, comes with a floppy drive, durable, and excellent battery life
1	Size, IR capabilities, Call clarity, More than enough memory
1	Highly versatile and powerful.
0	could us more storage.
1	Compact, lightweight
1	Design, quality, color screen, size, conference calling, price, 'stickies' notes, SIM copy, USB connectability
0	may be difficult to figure out
0	no built in zoom, simplistic software
0	Horrible user manual, quirky menus.
1	VERY high on the "cool!" scale; combo PDA actually works; constructed well.
1	size, bluetooth
0	High price tag, weak battery life, weak voice dialing, pull out antenna.
0	None
0	very difficult to open
1	Ultra Small Light Stylish Durable well designed - Excellent Feature Set
1	Small, light, well made, attractive styling.
0	8mb max memory, tech support
1	Quality, speed, quiet
1	Best camera for the price
1	Color screen. Flip phone.
1	Usually takes a decent picture without you having to think too much 
0	Doesn't focus very well! Can't get help from Fuji. Battery is a step backwards.
0	Pricey.
1	Cheap, simple.
0	none
1	Excellent keypad, voice activated dialing, battery life, voice memo
0	Horrendous legal sized copying
1	Ease of use, IR capability
0	Volume too low, reception isn't always good.
0	Very large camera, heavy.
1	Solid software/drivers; very very fast
1	Video Out, 1,152x864
0	Keys easy to accidentally press, low ringer volume.
0	Handles are fragile. 
1	Nice print, easy setup, good ink amount status
1	Small, light, no external antenna!, internet access
0	Horrible battery life, delays and below average shutter lag.
1	Excellent Photo printing.  Amazingly low ink usage!
0	nothing
0	Dropped calls sometimes, lots of heat.
1	endless fun for the spy mentality
0	Short-lived ink cartridges; better for photos and reports than plain text., 
0	Placement of numeric keys
0	None
0	Have to have computer on to copy. 
1	Feature packed phone that does just about everything imaginable.
1	prints, scans
0	Steep prices for replacement ink cartridges.
0	it's more than a bubblejet, but wait till you see the quality!
0	Got brushed off and played phone tag with many people @ Fujifilm usa
1	Awesome Print Quality, Extremely Easy to Use, Not that Expensive
1	i carry it everywhere with me
0	Battery life
1	Compact, easy to use,easy to upload pictures to the PC
0	Speaker phone, shuts off, doesn't hold a charge.
0	Noisy.  No USB cable included.
0	see Deficiencies
1	Extensive manual control, high image quality, excellent suite of pro/advanced features, articulated LCD screen.
0	 not much
1	Easy to use, small, nice metal case
1	Versatile, Feature-Packed, Solid Double 3 MegaPixel camera.  MusicCenter (mp3player, fm-radio), Video recorder & player
1	VERY light, very small, clear buttons and menus.
0	Shakes a lot, slow when printing a lot of color, cartridges can be expensive
1	price, ease of use, durable
0	Not quite pager sized (Hey, It's all I could think of!).
1	stylish, work great
1	Excellent picture quality, ease of use, video capability
1	Small, cool looking, and good color
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long run
0	8 mb SmartMedia
0	Toner is expensive.
1	Excellent hardware (read the other reviews)
1	reception, sound quality, compose your own ring, easy txt msging, price
1	Great printing and photo quality, easy to use.
1	Very easy to use
0	So so software
0	Battery door is finicky.
1	great scans, accurate printouts, reasonable price, ease of use, cartridge for each color 
1	A good value
1	None
0	Will not turn into a remote car starter, or a bowtie.
1	optical zoom, nice size
1	Extremely easy set up process
0	Can be noisy. No on/off switch,long time at top resolution. consumes a lot of ink
0	Poor quality - printouts have stripes etc., difficult set up, expensive ink
1	quality
1	Cheap, Excellant for the Money, easy to set up and use
0	Software bugs
0	battery life too short...
1	simple setup, fast, well designed
0	scanning is near impossible
0	Not very good life support
0	menus are hard to navigate sometimes
1	Looks cool, ease of use, awesome front panel view, flip, comfortable, speakerphone
0	Lousy navigation steps, crashes/freezes a few times a month, slow menus,
1	Tons of features, cool design and keypad.
0	No ink level indicator
0	No timed profiles, extremely poor voicetag implementation, battery life, lack of UMTS 1900 (US).
1	holds lots of pictures 
1	Light Weight;slim design;Dual LCD Displays a plus;backlighting
1	Cheap, small and easy to use. Delivers quality pix.
1	Just the right size, cheap(er)
1	So many features, easy to use, great printing ability
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
1	great pictures, great price, easy to figure out
0	None
0	Horrible quality of indoor pics, hard to delete pics
0	Kind of Big
0	Inconsistent service
0	High Priced Ink, Continuous Self-Cleaning, Slower than most other printers. 
0	Did not come with a carrying case.
1	compact
0	Ink cartridges don't last long, frequent glitches in the print jobs
1	Ease of use
1	Print quality, Speed, Price
0	Ink heads clog if not used every week, but it's easily corrected.
0	Small, will someone make a belt clip that works please?
0	Haven't found any problems yet.
1	Good Working and cheap!
0	have trouble with the PC cable making good contact
0	what saves to disk and what prints are very different, price
0	haven't taken the time to figure out the remote
1	physical changing of cartridge is easy
1	Big easy to operate buttons
0	Expensive, Heavy, "Industrial" Look.
1	Nice looking, small, light
1	Easy to use, Great pictures
1	Easy to fold up, durable frame &amp; wheels, lots of accessories
1	HEADACHE GIVER!
0	slower than multi-purpose printers, uses a lot of ink, tricky calibration
0	It doesn't do laundery
0	Software, Support
0	Features for price, Proprietry connectors.
0	doesn't work all the time, 
1	Expandable memory card slot, print-quality resolution
1	good quality and reliable
0	Need a lot of light
0	No day/time stamp on caller ID, flimsy antenna
1	excellent, uncomparable quality
0	Kind of loud. Large foot print. 
0	Not many to speak of
0	expensive ink.
0	Still too noisy, &lt;i&gt;These cartridges cost how much!!??&lt;/i&gt;
0	No durability, poor reception, do not last more than a year.
0	Hard to get at, storage basket.
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other Models, Relatively Small Display
0	Shutter cover/flash cumbersome.
0	Battery life, slightly bulky
1	Good speed, good quality printer
0	None that I could think of
0	Battery life is a little short if left on between photos
0	Navigational key takes some practice to master
0	Cost
1	Low Price, Great Picture Quality, 8mb of ram included, output jack for tv display, works and looks like a normal 35mm camera
1	Design, Features, Call Quality, Signal Strength, Camera, Ringer Volume, Web
0	Too expensive (even with the rebate); much better units (BJC-3000) available.
0	No direct link to Macintosh. You need to buy a USB reader writer.
0	tray location, defaulted to color printing and copying
1	Nice looking.
0	Small Paper Tray, Only one USB.
0	compact size &amp; settings galore
0	I found this stroller to be to wide for many store isle's and doorways.
0	Battery life if not conditioned properly
1	small, light
1	Excellent photo quality with a lot of features!
0	Slightly Expensive, USB not compatible with Win95, Memory Sticks are expensive for extras
0	Small LCD, underpowered, NIMH extra
0	don't know of any
1	Lightweight, good quality picture, no special software.
0	Only 2X zoom
0	People always come out grey-looking and washed out
0	Ink Eater, Ink cartridge changes.
1	LIGHT STURDY SLEEK IN STYLE
0	no zoom, poor quality with flash
0	Reliability. Failed to work with E18 error code on second day out of the box.
0	cost
0	I haven't found any.
0	DOA, chewed paper, incredibly cheap construction, very worrisome, fragile, loud.
1	Direct connect, cheap plans.
1	3.3 Megapixel resolution, size, price, picture quality.  Uses standard media.
0	No rechargeable battery came with it
0	won't easily bleed to bottom edge of paper
1	Fast print speeds, average cost of consumables, and USB support
0	Short battery life, no zoom 
1	Vibrate ringer,  voice dial, speaker phone, call quality, compact size, battery life, wireless internet.
0	short talk time
1	Roomy for child and reclines to different positions.  Folds to convenient size.  
0	Battery life, picture construction.
0	Goes through ink like a hot knife through butter.
1	Handy, simple to use
1	many features, great quality
1	price/feature, voice dialing, trimode
1	Free, durable, customizable, good battery life, AIM, voice dialing, and easy navigation.
0	Short battery life, occasional static
1	Sleek design, excellent color screen, nice ringtones, good organizer.
0	hard to find
1	Super light, quick 'n' easy fold/unfold, neat canopy pocket, removable front bumper.
1	Sharp Photos at 2.0 Mega Pixels, Good brand, and User Friendly
0	Bulky, Crappier Than The 8100
0	This camera is very expensive and was a little hard to understand everything about it.
0	belt clip
0	It's a little heavy...weight and price.
0	None for me
0	Rather noisy
0	Ink lasts only a month, poor picture printing quality, expensive cartridges, no cable included
1	Quality craftsmanship, well-packaged, fully featured, sharp optics
0	Bad reception, short battery life
0	USB connection often fails, software is a memory hog.
0	resolution only goes up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
1	PDA, Phone, MP3 player, all in one, and each works well
1	Great functions, easy to install, fills it purpose.
1	*Rugged Rubberized Grip
1	Ease of use
0	poor battery life. ear burner. constant reboots. looses signal.
1	Very good quality photos, easy to use.
1	Built-in battery charging, great analog controls
0	none
1	Ease of use, Clear, accurate photos, USB interface, Lens, many useful features.
0	Slow and print could be better
1	Easy to use, reasonably fast and good picture quality.  Smaller than previous models.
0	640-480 resolution
0	Small size (easy to lose and awkward to talk into. Li-ion batter costs extra.
0	expensive, bulky
1	Very compact, good pictures, good exposure under most circumstances
0	Poor Quality Switches, Fixed Lens, In Camera Storage Media, Pixel Density
1	Colour Screen, Polyphonic ringtones, camera, games
1	3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
1	Good image quality, Loads of functions, Video out function useful, 
0	Slow, noisy
0	Batteries do not last at all in this camera.
0	can't find way to get ringers
0	at this price/size?  You're kidding!
0	Will not feed envelopes. Wont grab envelope and sprays ink all over inside of printer.
1	Very good product
1	Good print quality, Sheet feeder, large memory.
1	fast, easy, convienient
1	Ease of use, very good pictures inside with no movement
1	All in one solution * &#13;&#10;Impress your friends!
1	Cheap - Colors are Bright
0	Bulky. &#13;&#10;Not many bells and whistles.
1	Small size, easy to download pics, quality
1	Excellent photo quality
0	battery life is good, but could be increased with an optional ion battery
0	16MB Compact Flash Memory inadequate for this camera!
1	monitor, features, lens
1	sexy, sleek look, great reception and voice quality, amazing battery life
0	be careful to use suitable paper.
0	Backlight display
0	Pages Per Min
0	Pricey; lack of programmability on printer panel, i.e. duplexing must be done through the driver
0	Very picky when using parallel.
0	Lacking some features that I don't really need
1	Aesthetically pleasing.
0	Pricey, had trouble with the videos on my PC
1	Good quality pictures, long battery life, easy to use
1	Gorgeous, tiny, reliable
0	pictures can be grainy and dark, need to download photos often
0	Non for its price
1	price, quality
1	Small and Looks cool
1	Small, great sound, many features
0	A little waste electricity.
1	light and easy to use
1	Excellent optics, TONS of features for any skill level, very attractive
0	A bit expensive, large and heavy, slow 3-4 second delay between pics
0	Big, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
1	Cool gadgets
0	EVERYTHING ELSE!!!!
1	Easy to use, great resolution, inexpensive
1	Easy to use.  Light.  Uses only 2 AA batteries
1	little, Compact Flash card, functions, software
0	Not good for outdoor use.
0	Finger can be placed to close to the lens
1	Wide array of features and settings, outstanding image quality
0	no optical viewfinder
0	Not many different ring tones, all the features could be confusing for a first-time user
1	Great photo quality, easy to use, great software, downloads automatically, LCD display on back
1	design, features: bluetooth, modem, pim, voice recorder, expandable memory, camera
1	Great image quality, premium optics, rock-solid construction, versatility, adjustability, swivel design, attachable lenses and filters.
1	Printing, Copying
0	bad quality, poorly made
0	slow
0	Gee, where would I start?
0	Awful tech support, worst tech support ever!
0	A little pricy...but worth it
1	Great quality of print
0	Weak atennea signal at times
0	Delayed Shutter Response
0	lacks advanced feature, only 2.1 megapixels, only 2x optical zoom
1	small, good  quality, cheap
0	Battery life maybe short at times, software problems, can't fix phone at local  Verizon store
0	Wish there were more printers like this one
0	uses lots of batteries
0	Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, are not very useful.
0	not appropriate for action or macro photography
0	The USB connection WILL NOT WORK with Window's Millenium Edition.  
0	Somewhat complicated to set up, but not bad.
1	good phone
0	The only fault is having to download to your computer.
0	must purchase ac power adapter separately
1	Great customer service but wish it was toll-free
1	The quality is fine for a home printer. 
0	slow transfer time
1	Great picture quality, compact and weighs only around 250 grams, many functions, 16 mb
1	Excellent visual display, keyboard and receiver. Good choice for elderly or handicapped.
1	picture quality, zoom
0	very expensive for a piece of junk
0	High price
0	Peg Perego no longer makes converter bars for use with other infant car seats
0	the exet pray is not the best
1	Built-in digital camera, 65,000 color TFD main display, t-zones internet capable, SMS templates
0	Pricey for the resolution, A little bulky, Transfer speed not fast enough
0	Very basic features
0	Call quality very poor. SLOW! Camera is a pain. Low memory, shuts down.
0	movie is poor
1	Very versatile
0	a bit clunky to carry around
0	Pricey ink
1	Excellent printing for this price.
1	Cost and quality
0	Jams easily, ink is very expensive
0	Becomes too hot to rest comfortably against ear, awkward to hold.
1	Bluetooth is cool. Pictures, video fun for when you dont have a real camera.
1	Cheaper than Ink Cartridges!! 1200 x 1200 dpi printing, Nice Photo Printing
1	Good output for Print and Scan.
1	It is inexpensive, compact, and in color!
0	price, resolution, storage drive
0	...of pale, washed out looking people. (Canon says no fix forthcoming)
0	Didn't find any.
1	low cost, good results, dependable
1	6x optical zoom, AA batteries, easy point and shoot mode.
0	Fan is slighty loud while operating, loads paper crookedly some times, and creases paper occasionally
0	Fuzzy pics and need to hold cam very still. 
0	Gulps ink, poor reliabilty
1	2MP camera with flash, mp3 player, & 3d java games.
0	none
1	price, easy installation
0	battery life, reception
0	very expensive, not for a novice
0	Hmmm..... No cons come to mind !
0	not yet
0	too loud, sounds horrible, battery life, the manual, ease of use.
1	Great compact phone, lots of life in it.
1	A jewel.  Affordable excellence.
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	Features, Size, More Features
0	Cumbersome when folded, generally unhandy: steering, pushing, storage
1	Non functional and cheap
0	see review
0	Is the worst phone EVER
1	Price, ease of use, photo quality
1	Car seat snaps right into stroller so baby stays undisturbed
0	Exposed buttons
1	Size, Features, GOBS of options
1	Light and small
1	Big Keys, Crisp Screen, Easy to Use, EVERYTHING !
1	Good resolution, great features, small footprint
0	Short battery life.
1	Phone / PDA in 1 / sturdy / sound quality Nice
0	Only takes high voltage batteries, Larger zoom would be cool.
1	Very fast black &amp; white as well as color copies, very easy to use
1	small, quiet, both ports available, ink monitor
1	size, power, functions, ease of use
1	easy to use, high quality images
0	Docking Station pretty much required, Pricey extra purchase
0	Horrible printer
0	Phonebook not alphabetized by the phone itself, Manual is a bit hard to understand
0	Color display is sometimes hard to see, camera button a little to easy to touch.
1	cheap, cute, easy to use
1	Easy to set up, fast printing, easy ink tanks...everything!
0	overpowering flash, LCD screen during outdoor sessions
0	Initial use of menu and functions slow with dead batt. 
0	CHARGER CLIP FALLS OUT. I HATE IT.
1	Print quality is very good, especially for pictures.
1	Great B&amp;amp;W quality, Mac and PC compatible, USB
1	carseat, basket on the bottom, cup holders, play tray, easy removal of the carseat for bigger kids to sit in the stroller and it rides so smooth
0	price, but its not that bad
1	Affordable, Rugged, Small, High Quality
1	Earpiece volume, battery life, gee whizzy factor
0	SLOW interface, can't store email addresses in phone book, no WAP
0	Lack of side controls. Extra battery or headset required for &gt; 60 min/day talk time.
1	compact, sturdy feel, small battery and charger, quick downloads
0	No adjustable recline position
1	Sony's Info-Lithium Battery, Memory Stick Capabilities, Very User Friendly
1	Great print quality
0	confusing, missing basket and cup holder
1	Easy Layout, good reception most places, dependable
1	Price. EVERYTHING is included. 
0	limited technical support, slow printing speed
1	Inexpensive, picture quality good
0	Batteries, WAP/Net can be slow
0	Poor documentation on downloading pics to computer, some quirky features
1	Good reception, easy to read keypad and display, good battery life, attractive styling
1	Like a 35 mm Camera with great support
1	Takes great pictures &amp;amp; easy to use.
1	Those with low self esteem might feel popular from attention this phone gets.
0	Battery life, software is awkward.
1	Inexpensive,good creative software,
1	Small, good value, point &amp;amp; shoot
0	Ergonomics are not in my taste, but better than some others
0	not as high of mp as I would not like
0	No Fax
0	Lots, read the review!
0	Only 8 mb onboard memory included, can't use alkaline batteries, average picture quality
0	No optical zoom, No USB
1	Excellent construction, loaded with features and great picture quality!
1	call waiting, speed dial, ringer change, key guard
1	Excellent pictures, plenty of creative controls and very beginner-friendly too
0	very small screen, poor Palm-Phone integration, no expansion
1	Reception. Battery Life. Easy to read display. Sync with PC software. Durability.
0	uses up ink cartridge fast
1	Extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra compact and takes great pictures
0	absolutely nothing
0	Overall text quality was below standard.
1	Easy driver install, tough and dependable.
1	A no-nonsense, easy to use, inexpensive laser printer.
0	Fast Drying Ink Cartridge
1	Wonderful Printer
0	Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is bigger than most phones.
0	A little bulkier than other phones out there, pricey
0	nothing specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
1	Tri-mode cell phone, color Palm Pilot, web & email in a small package, Outlook synchronization
0	Leather case has to be removed for base charger use.
1	inexpensive, easy to use
1	Nothing I can think of at the moment.
1	takes great photos
1	Stylish Looks, Interchangeable bezels & casing, reverse black/blue lit screen, rotating flip design, lightweight
0	none yet
1	Small size, Lots of features, Crisp, clear pictures
0	none found yet
0	Too large, soft ringing volumes, bad display, Horrible talk/standby time,too basic&#13;&#10;
0	poor paper handling
0	a little bulky, price
1	Lightweight, easy to use, versatile, well-built, reversible handle
0	pretty expensive, but a reasonable price for the product and product quality
0	ink runs out to fast, ink cartridges are pricey
1	Great print quality, fast printing (once it gets warmed up and going)
1	Easy to use, relatively inexpensive, nice first digital camera
1	good color, good exposure; fast picture review; easy menus;
1	Reliable, rugged, easy to use
0	No sound for movie feature.
0	Uses a lot of battery power
1	Large screen, WAP/Net-enabled
0	longer than most phones, freezes like your computer ocassionally, not as user friendly as Nokia
0	bigger than 8260, kind of heavy.
0	cartridge life span
0	Hard to get accessories for, could be smaller
1	compact
1	quality lens &amp; pictures, available accessories, multiple functions, memory cards, resolution selections. price.
1	Compact design, customizable backgrounds, can cause gadget envy
1	Tons of features, good quality, perfect size, good clarity, simple to use &#13;&#10;
0	Rather slow and frustrating.
1	Fast, easy to use, lets you see how much ink you have left
1	Excellent pictures and functionality, built tough
0	Problems with installing software. 
0	drink holders don't work very well
0	Impossible to take pictures in the dark even with flash. Batteries die fast. 
1	Excellent image quality; awesome 28-200 zoom lens; many professional-level features
1	Nice price and easy to use
1	Great Digital Camera For All
1	Very great quality, speed correct.
1	Metalized-futuristic styling, diminute size, dual screen, flip-open type, good screen
0	Poor picture quality, eats up ink cartridges fast 
0	bed
1	Very fast, quiet printer
0	cartridge installation is a bit tricky, $29 cartridges, only comes with a color cartridge
1	Easy to use, practical, "cool"
0	Doesn't come with a desktop charger. Display doesn't show minutes used while talking.
0	Is pricey, bottom basket is an additional charge.
1	Car seat, carrier and stroller in one!
1	Battery Life
0	Weak flash, poor battery life
1	Fair soud quality, Cool color face plates, It's a Nokia, Please read for more
0	None
1	Inexpensive and good for basic home printing needs
0	no vibrate, Short battery life.
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Easy setup, Great price, Separate cartridges, USB or Parallel , Very fast prints, Great photo prints
1	Beautiful design quality.
1	Very Fast, Very Affordable, Cheap Toner, Great Text Quality, Mac Compatible
0	batter life not so great, can't store full names if too long
0	None
1	Easy to use, great photos, almost error proof!
0	Color cartridges are high cost
0	TINY ink wells, expensive refills, noisy print action.
0	expensive
1	Bluetooth, Mp3 Player, Nice Audio, Real Tones, Camera, FM Radio, Address Book
0	Hefty Price Tag.
0	Signal strength not great at times.
1	Small, has qwerty keyboard, internet capabilites, durable.
1	Elegant design, world phone, solid body feel.
0	The zoom ring is not well-fit - has a certain play. Some red-eye problems.
1	speed, simplicity, quality output
0	More expensive than cx3200 at nearly same features, moves a lot and loud paper loading
0	Poorly designed software
1	All in one, great price for so much stuff
1	Incredibly small and thin, but usable.
0	Battery does not last as long as it should.
1	Clear reception, Speakerphone, Voice-Activated dialing, Voice Mail, Backlit screen, Memos/Calendar
0	non
1	quality, ease of use
0	Nowadays, might be able to find a lot better for a little more???  
1	excellent print quality, low noise, auto maintenance
0	Supplied battery NP-F330. I recommend the NP-F550.
0	Need better support for network printing in NT and 2000
0	Too many to count.  they all have to do with the durability and quality.
0	Quiet expensive, but we love are gadgets. No Infra-Red, Bluetooth, or HSCSD.
0	buttons to small, can't adjust ring time, snap on covers too expensive
0	not ergonomic menus, slow connection with the pc
1	High photo color quality at a great price!
0	Just about everything else about it
0	Battery usage
0	A little cumbersome
0	Frequent paper jams and expensive ink cartridges
0	heavy, large, expensive
1	simple, high quality photos, versatile
1	Crisp, clear photos with extreme ease of use
0	optical viewfinder doesn't match up to the picture
0	Does not have caller groups where you can separate callers with different ring tones.
0	moderate quality resolution
0	Eats batteries
0	Not for you if you have 5 or 6 megapixel envy!
1	It is not so heavy. maneuverable. Easy to clean. Fits through doors.
0	nothing major
1	cheap and small, color faxing
0	ClubNokia not available in the USA.
0	Huge in Size, Breaks Down Continually, too many features.
0	Durability is questionable, price per page seems high, limited driver support, can't print on both sides of the page
1	Price, great photos even on plain paper, big ink cartridges
0	slow color print time, especially high definition
1	easy to use
0	no storage
1	Nice for the price, good color balance, auto white balance satisfactory in most lighting situations.
1	5 different flash modes, easy to operate, supplied storage disk
0	None
1	Image quality, lots of features, solid housing
0	big and bulky
0	bad resolution impossible to figure out
0	Proprietary Battery, Poor RAW Software, Bulky, Lens Cap
0	no cover, learn to conserve battery
1	HP brand
0	High price, Cheap phone
0	Close ups get a little blurry.
0	Screen hard to read in direct sunlight; hard to get knowledgeable support.
0	Prints crooked, No 800# tech support
0	Reception poor at times, no internet access
0	poor clarity
0	Can be difficult to remove infant seat from base and from stroller, 3 point harness
1	Light, easy-to-use digital camera with great resolution
1	astonishing looks, compact and light weight
0	Not many, still want that camera phone. LOL
0	Slow as hell
1	Free with most service plans
1	Please give comment
0	No zoom!!!
0	poor quality, difficult setup, expensive ink
0	Eats through batteries, heavy
0	not the best digital camera available if your a professional.
0	no E-911 support, so Verizon refuses to activate them now; no loadable ringtones
1	3-in-1 
1	Easy to use, great resolution
0	rear brakes
1	good quality pictures, easy to use, pixels and resolution.
0	ink is expensive, sometimes screws up pages
0	So Small that Using the Button Area Can Often Be a Pain
0	A little slow on the auto focus.
0	Short Battery Life, Slow uploads
1	Picture quality, price, software
0	a little slow, only one ink cartridge
0	Pricey. No optical zoom. Need docking station to upload or charge battery. 
0	Small text for messaging - no option to enlarge.
1	Fast, quiet and the ink actually lasts.
0	I CAN'T SEE ANY AT ALL!
1	Image color integrity is great., Battery life is long (70 images)
1	Good image quality, small and light
0	Read the body of my review
0	Mediocre user interface; lacks the panache of other Verizon phones
0	Small buttons
1	Superb basic phone, loud volume, pocket sized design, excellent speaker quality
0	Unreliable, buttons hard to feel
0	No Lens Thread, Poor Battery Life, Expensive, Difficult Nikon Support.
1	Ability to hold onto signal... :)
0	Drinks battery juice, poor selection of OS interface.
0	Low Memory, expensive, no distance range, etc etc
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
0	Difficult to hold, long write times for TIFF
1	-cheap, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for starters
0	No time display while connected.
1	sound, movie, 3.34 megapixels, manual over ride, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
1	many
1	Great size, easy-to-use, clear reception
0	Slow Load time, paper feed errors!
1	none
0	Expensive when accessories are added.
0	Keypad is tricky sometimes, size can be challenging.
1	Great interface, lots of useful features
1	Good optics, Excellent battery, Excellent controls, "Retro" styling, Built-in flash and hot-shoe
1	Epson name is respected; inexpensive photo quality printer; excellent directions &amp;amp; easy set-up
0	The whole phone is awful
0	A little bulky, software will not install on computer with out support
1	Folds compactly, easy to load, very affordable
1	Never Jams, Quick Setup, Great Bundle
1	Scanner/Copier/Printer, USB and Parallel Port, Good Software, All Around Good Package
0	Ink cartridges probably not refillable, reported potential to clog heads.
1	Personal Features, Size,and Price
0	More complicated control panel
1	Sleek, Stylish, Compact, Lightweight
1	Inexpensive and easy to use!
0	Ink cartridges are rather small, advertised PPM is slower that actual. 
0	maybe a little thick, but still a trim package
1	Cute, stylish, not that expensive
1	Ease of operation, no downloading required.
0	a little bulky
1	Clear picture. Easy to use.  Takes panoramic photos.
0	Dock may be optional (but great feature), videos small
1	Inexpensive Photo Quality
0	Memory is low, minor bugs, price (even though I got it free)
0	Poorly Made, rubber comes off, technical problems
0	fit and finish of some panels is less than perfect quality.
0	Bad driver for USB, expensive toner.
0	not durable for a child over 40 LBS.
0	none
1	Price, Product
1	Very inexpensive - easy to use
0	lack of a LCD
1	Good if you are rich
1	Small in size, long battery life, it works
0	Limited accessories, weak zoom, only 2.0 megapixels
1	durable, easy to use
1	Affordable, easy setup, no maintenance.
0	small size takes some getting used to
0	durability, proformance, antena, quality
0	Key's are too close together.
0	None significant
0	Disk access time is horrible with floppy or memory stick adapter.
0	Small Buttons
0	Slow, Bad Defaults
0	the keys are probably a little small
1	fast, quiet, lightweight and more
0	MX 500 has no zoom
1	Good speed, runs quiet
1	good quality, quieter than previous models, doesn't shake the desk.
1	I'm still looking for one
1	Cheap, beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
0	seat positions
1	It is reliable
1	Folds up compactly, Durable, Well Made, Canopy pulls all the way forward.
1	gadget options, design
0	Setup could be easier, Software not up to date, Color pictures take about a minute to print
1	scanning cartridge, color ink lasts a long time
1	Wonderful and economic choice
0	Maybe a bit heavy, not very stable on flat surfaces.
0	Ink is a little expensive
1	Print your photos without a computer and view them on the LCD on the printer.
0	slow, poor quality prints
1	Pocketable, serious, rugged, inexpensive, good images
1	Small size, bright color screen, and long battery life
0	Too big in size, awkward swivel lens
1	Prints fast, feeds one paper at a time
1	A Great Camera
1	Fast and Furious., Easy Install
0	Large when folded, takes up over a third of my trunk space (mid-size auto).
1	Price, output quality
1	Fast, USB, great interface, movie mode, continuous shooting, LiIon AAs included
0	Weird text input; the ring tones and such which come standard are rotten
0	You may lose it if you don't keep tabs on it!
0	No speakerphone function, no camera, and no holster for hip available
1	Excellent,sharp photos with great color saturation. Great Porsche body!
1	Inexpensive, connection via USB port, works as a webcam
0	Few, if any
0	A bit slow when printing with color
0	low-res LCD screen, size
0	quite expensive but worth it for the quality
0	No direct camera connection, Manual alignment
1	Small, light weight, sleek, dual LCDs, solid construction, large screen.
0	low MP at only 2.1 the viewfinder to small
0	Bad paper handling
0	it;s exspensive
0	Could be faster, finicky USB setup
1	Lightweight, easy to use, free
0	Print quality marginal when new,then deteriorates rapidly.
0	Complicated menus for advanced features.
0	Only 16 MG of internal memory, Secure Digital is the only memory upgrade avaliable.
1	great features, stand-by and talk time is outstanding
1	Battery life, massive storage capacity, flip-out LCD display
0	"Insert SIM card" error, gets annoying. Battery doesn't last much in the long run.
0	Price
1	Size, Weight, Quality, PhotoStich S/W, &amp; Design. Did I mention size?
0	None
1	Simple to set up and use; easy to change cartridges; versatile
0	Maybe to small and thin for some.
1	Great pictures, low price, LCD screen
0	Very heavy and big.  Slow to return from standby.  
0	The ink cartridges could hold a bit more.
1	The price has fell, the reliablity is definitely built in.
0	none
0	Price, quality, Verizon customer support and never getting to use it!
0	No parallel port connection, slow "warm-up"
1	Easy graphic interface, comes with a vibrating battery, loud voice volume
0	Battery life
0	Not as rugged as a Startac
0	Speakerphone unusable, no advanced features, form factor uncomfortable for long use, chicklet keys.
0	Smartmedia Memory Card, Somewhat akward (until you learn it) menu system
0	Not a lot of features, screen uses battery power quickly
0	Somewhat expensive.
0	expensive, hard to navigate menu
1	Has every feature imaginable! 
1	Great Pictures, Easy of loading into a PC with diskette, 16x Zoom, 1.3 Mega Pixels
0	Scanner never worked, Document feeder frequently jams, Always had to hard boot
1	great pictures, compact, stylish
0	Only comes with 8 MB memory card
0	Limited features, mediocre picture quality, low memory.
1	great printer for the money
1	Small, sleek
0	May not be for those who are serious about their photography...
1	Great printer for very few dollars
0	Poor support, drivers and software don't work with XP
1	Size-Super Small, 3.2 Mpix, Picture quality,ease of use
1	Size, Portability, Speed and Print Quality
1	Average camera
1	Reasonably priced. Easy to use, very good output quality.
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures, Cheap storage media
1	Design, built quality, all that features
0	dark screen with cluttered display, slow processing time of photos
1	Very simple to use. Photos turn out very clear.
1	Compact, lightweight
1	Saves You $$$$$$$
0	single band, kinda cheap feel.
0	Uses a floppy disk as media. Poor resolution. High price
0	*no full screen on front
1	Versatility, Reliability, Cost effective
0	Doesnt ring loud enough.   Having to switch between num mode and abc mode sucks.
0	None, this is the best camera on the market
1	came with free software
0	Battery life
0	Too Quiet, Worst Ringtones Possible, Faceplates Expensive, Hard to Use (At First)
0	Long pause between pictures, not enough video time.
0	Battery slightly sub par, thicker than GSM brother, Verizon's is crippled
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
1	Small size, call quality, signal strength, aesthetic quality
1	easy to fold, narrow
1	This camera takes excellent pictures and it's very easy to transfer them to the computer.
0	pricy, bigger than nokia 7650
1	easy to use, decent picture quality
0	web browser could be more user friendly
1	Easy to operate, Excellent Quality, Reasonably priced, Memory is cheap
1	Small, light, great battery life, bluetooth enabled, good organizer
0	Grainy zoom, expensive accessories
0	constant battery user
1	Compact, stylish, good buttons, great screen clarity, external window
0	large, heavy, no color screen
0	battery life could be better
0	Bulky, does not vibrate, poor choice of ringtones.
0	- Slow processor (9210i runs faster)
1	Excellent Call Quality and comfortable handset, great ability to get a signal where other-handsets fail.
0	N/A
0	Poor battery performance
0	Have to agree with everyone the lens cap is terrible.
1	Great Resolution - Needs a Little Improvement
1	Loaded with features,Gud design,Light weight
1	Ease of use, convenience of 3.5&amp;quot; disk, picture quality
1	Fast, quiet, inexpensive.
0	Over time, like all phones, starts to malfunction here and there
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	must have better software then  supplied
1	Sturdy, color screen, GPS enabled
1	TOO MUCH TO MENTION IN THIS LITTLE BOX...READ Descrip
0	Front Paper Tray
0	Low battery life, Ease of use, shortcuts
1	solid construction, small size, ease of use
0	Volume is poor, certain buttons in bad places
0	slow
1	prints good black and white 
1	Ease of use
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
0	Extremely low ear piece volume(in to my second phone, still the same problem)
1	The printouts are great! The quality is very good and the price is very affordable.
0	Limit of 11 characters for phone book entry list display.
0	Battery hog, missing ac adapter and charger
1	-rotating lens, zoom, varying resolution settings
1	study, reversible handle, adjustable back, looks
0	Pricey, the zoom is weaker than Gandhi
0	You can buy a better scanner for 60USD, Slow compared to a real office photocopier
0	Messes up sometimes, runs out of ink fast
1	nice voice guy
1	Great pictures that aren't blurry... and it's compact!
0	Doesn't have full functionality of either a PDA or a Phone; heavy & large.
0	No coverage in many part of U.S.
1	Easy to use, good resolution, large memory
1	One of their better phones, smaller with camera feature.
1	Beautiful cover, sturdy-well made, reclines, car seat compatible, most everything!
1	easy to use
0	Piercing printing sound causes deafness and local dogs to show up at your door
1	Great signal strength, great battery life
1	Trouble free connection to PC with Infra-Red port for any transfer
0	Tray the paper fall into does not pull out. 
1	Excellent reception,reliability,battery life,nice style.
1	Cool switchable covers
1	very easy to use and set up.
0	Few software problems.
0	Totally unreliable :(
1	Takes great pictures &amp;amp; is easy to use
0	unless you are an idiot like me
0	None really.
1	Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
0	everything else
1	Size, price, voice dialing
1	Small, light, sexy
0	voice activation (calling, etc.)
1	Great photo quality prints
0	very awkward to collapse
1	easy to use, good quality
0	Prints slow
1	speed, ease of transport to PC, quality of pictures, worth the difference
1	Good for Point and Shoot, okay picture quality.
1	Funky, sexy, easy to use
0	too many to list
1	 So much more room on my desk! Inexpensive, very clear, crisp printing. 
0	Poor quality software.  I'd buy at least the 210 as a starter.
1	Good battery life, excellent picture quality. Zoom looking to be reliable.
1	Tons of Features
0	battery falls off easily. Must buy a new set of expensive accessories for it.
1	Fast printing, quiet when sleeping, Inexpensive, Easy to use, Very good quality printing
0	a little slow when working with two sided feature
1	Great Quality, Great Price
0	only useful as a snapshot camera, expensive for someone who prefers physical to digital photographs
0	poor quality photos, battery problems, no flash, endless cons
0	Have to buy new ink cartridges.
1	Smokes competition
1	Compact size, speaker phone.
0	Phone crashes (from time to time).
1	light good reception
1	Prints great photos!
0	Fairly loud when printing, cartridges seem to have a low capacity
0	When connected to a network, you loose scanning ability.  Not recommended for high volume use.
0	Bulky, lag time in keys, 20 digit max entries in phonebook, antenna, no infrared
0	Lockups, poor plastic, terrible warranty service
0	Not very many ringers.
0	Print letters washed-out and fuzzy, Black ink is really charcoal grey. 
0	Expensive, large, heavy, to long to boot-up, manual lens cap, doesn't take snap shots
1	Good design, large enough to press the right buttons
0	Poor reception, unprotected face, cheap feel
1	Quality and size.
0	Small, bad battery
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
0	Ringtones arent very loud. Would like a louder external speaker.
1	Excellent Photo Quality, Low Cost
1	compact size, light weight, powerful features, easy to use
0	you have to buy alot of batteries
1	Cheap initial investment
0	It is slow taking the pictures.
0	Low battery life - you need the rechargeable battery
1	Size, weight, cool look, feels durable, great sound
0	limited storage
1	color screen, external display, calendar
1	Compact, Color, Quality
0	So, what's the catch? Why, it's &lt;i&gt;OBSOLETE!&lt;/i&gt; And, it's Digital.
1	small, light, amber screen
1	Gets you where you need to go, pivoting front wheels, 3 position adjustable seat
0	Printing is Slow and and operation is a Bit Loud
0	Well, pretty much everything else.
0	Noisy paper feed (but reliable) and average photo printing; flat bed copying only. 
1	Speed, Quality, Ease of Use, Price
0	drains down batteries fast
0	none that I have found
0	This is probably best for home-use as there is nothing you can do if you fill up the quota (12-96 exposures depending on quality) of pictures...unless you buy another memory card.
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
0	antenna suscepitble to breaking easily
0	Limited storage capacity
0	High price may push consumers to less expensive models.
1	Printer, Fax, Scanner, all-in-one!
1	Small Size, Lightweight, Good voice quality, Nice menus, Better than TP 1100
1	ease of use, great optics, 3x zoom
0	None that I can think of.
1	Easy to use, great photos, the prints even turned out wonderfully
0	price
1	About the only advantage is it's small size.
0	Sometimes it is too small
0	Expensive cartridges, low quality, slow.
1	Convienient, looks good,
1	WOW!!! This does everything and WELL. I freed up about 3 sq.ft. of counter space.
1	sleek, perfect size, tons of features, voice activation, internet-ready, great value, great battery life
1	user-friendly, fun, light, easy to follow-instructions
1	Lot of functions for the price, easy to use, great support 
1	Speaker phone, multi-line, and direct connect
1	Lots of features for a relatively good price. Better signal strength with decent battery life.
0	None
0	Its a bit costly
0	Short battery life (?), holster problems, menu navigation
0	Not for high resolution photography.
1	Storage Capacity, 3.34 Mpixels, easy to use, nice lens, FUN
1	Not A One
0	Bigger than the S100 Powershot Elph
1	Easy to use.
1	short, attractive compact and cheap
1	Impressive color display. Attractive case. 8MB of memory. Good phone features.
0	Not enough backlight settings, Charges sporadically or not at all without meticulous attention.
0	Can't find any yet! Oh maybe, it requires you always carry a spare battery.
0	No 'through the viewfinder" information. Cutting edge technology = painful pricing. Limited enlargements 
1	signal quality better than i700 - less/no dead zones
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
0	Expensive ink
0	No video out, red eye, underpowered flash, no AF assist lamp
1	1-High Res camera at a great price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2-Great Kodak support in education and quality
1	size, weight, price
0	Some serious driver issues (hopefully&amp;#13;&amp;#10;in the past)
1	Excellent  photos and features for the price
1	Small size, customization with faceplates.
0	Very loud printing; small black cartridge
0	Battery life; overall sound; upgradability
0	shutter lag time, uses XD cards
0	Breaks easily
0	Need to reset time if battery is removed, auto timesync not always accurate, small buttons
1	lightweight, folds easily with one hand, steers well
0	Small battery life
1	size, easy to use
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
0	Battery life could be better.
0	DRAINS BATTERIES
1	Inexpensive, Smaller-Than-Pocket-Size
1	Price performance ratio high. Versatile.  Feature packed. Durable. Easy to use.
0	ink is slow compared to laser
1	Speaker phone
1	ability to read and print from memory cards
0	Non-rechargeable batteries.
1	Cute, cheap, good battery life
1	blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
1	small size, fast start up, metal casing 
0	none as of yet
0	drivers?
0	Small screen, medium battery life
1	very easy to learn and use. Great photos
0	hard to open side panel, no ethernet card
1	well made, light, smooth, stylish, one of so few strollers to hold any resale value
0	Cost of most digital cameras make them impractical for most young people.
1	nice looking ,light
0	None at this time.
0	Certain options may seem limited to some.
1	Easy to use and produces excellent photos!
1	Very strong design, ease of use, clear display.
0	Poor battery life, difficulty with card slot, number of menus to do some features.
1	Nice Price, Gets The Job Done, Small size for such a large task
1	Fax, scan, copy, color printing all in one affordable unit
0	It keeps breaking.
1	Lightweight and stylish
0	Not too good at closeups of flowers.
1	good
0	Hard to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a PDA.
1	beautiful; small & light-weight; backlighting; three alarms settable; rings (if you're into them)
0	Pictures could be clearer.
1	Takes up to 3 minute Movies! Manual functions, small &amp; elegant, fast
0	Limited stock battery life.
1	size, aesthetic,ease of use and battery life
1	Beautiful Images, Ease of Use, Software
1	Small, lightweight, good battery life, decent reception, great price, high speed Internet access.
1	High quality printouts (text &amp;amp; graphics), fast
1	Clear and Simple
1	Relatively small, lens cover, low lag time between photos
1	Small, prints clear, beautiful colors.
1	Everything is in the box, 20Mb memory card, quick start up time, USB support
0	Very messy; Ink depleets even when cartridge isn't used; never found compatible generic cartridge.
0	Phone hangs or restarts automatically, firmware bugs, mono radio output and no colour screen
1	Image Quality second to none Fast performance Uncompressed Tiff Nikkor Lens Manuel controls 
1	Very sleek with awesome features.  Backlit screen is nice.
0	No RAW/TIFF output, LCD could be a bit better
1	Small, lots of features, good pictures
1	Supposedly fast prints*, photo-quality rated**, nice software***
1	All the options of an expensive cell phone may offer
0	Can't say in less than 15 words!
1	Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, Price
1	good quality,good speed,competitive price,excellent properties and services
0	Feature-to-price ratio of a new 7210, mediocre screen, not enough memory
1	Superior quality
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Automatic Key lock is good.  Cute screensavers.
1	easy to use, great quality, lightweight, affordable
0	Slow, horrible print quality, poor tech support, Only works in windows 98
0	Poor battery life, poor software, poor performance.
1	fast, good quality, quiet, efficient
0	just alittle aquard
1	small, light, long charge time, compact flash
1	Signal Strength (Verizon); sound quality; Outlook sync; volume; voice notes; screen doesn't scratch easily
1	Very pretty phone that makes an excellent paper-weight.
0	Uses lots of ink, a bit noisy, one color ink cartridge rather than individual tanks
0	Trying to print a couple of photos was a little tricky. 
1	They've stopped making them.
1	great price
1	Good reception/durability, color screen, excellent battery life
1	A3, very fast
0	I haven't found any yet.
0	Features do not include a movie mode.
0	Does only 1-way, not 2-way, text messaging, fragile, especially antenna.
1	Decent print quality, low price
0	kind of flimsy
0	A little pricey. Not a true 3 megapixel camera.
1	Quality results, print head new with each cartridge, consistent
0	flash, theme options
0	noisy, poor print quality, poor tech support, goes through ink like water 
0	Does not have multi functions, such as fax or scan capabilities
1	Compact size, universal parts availability, price, interchangeability of faceplates/batteries, SMS and email compatible
0	No Color Screen, Big.
0	You have to remove the lens cap before you turn it on
0	Can't record videos
1	Perfect for "growing" families
0	MPG compression a little cheesy
1	Price
1	Great features for the price, easy to use.
0	Only sometimes your  finger gets in the way and the battery could last a bit longer
1	Fast and Reliable with superb print quality
0	analog technology only, length of life
0	price
1	All the extras that came with it are easy to use. The option of looking thru the peep-hole or seeing it on the screen.
1	Great features, flash, LCD display, 
1	Brilliant blue backlight, attractive case, web enabled, lightweight, and has many useful features.
0	Cost of print cartridges.
1	All cellular phone companies claim that Motorola has the best reception.  Lots of frills
1	Easy to use.
0	Type-1 flash-card, only 8MB card included, pricey
0	scratches and dents too easily, can't charge phone using USB data cable.
0	Fairly long disc-access time, large size for non-SLR
0	Not Very Many Features
1	small, lightweight, durable, 
0	wimpy flash; slow, dark lens
1	Excellent Quality Photos
0	No TV interface.  4 MB card comes with it.
0	Flimsy antenna
1	Good camera for the money.
0	Volume problems with earphones, no dedicated "END" button
0	None that i can think of
0	none if you are not a professional photographer
0	Added expense of accessories
1	Small, slim, lightweight, feature rich, cool look
1	Small footprint, easy setup, decent speed and print quality.
0	expensive non-standard accessories, battery life, signal strength, steep learning curve.
0	Battery life not as great as expected.
0	Gets hot, poor sound quality, even worse speakerphone sound quality, side buttons get pushed
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat it for the price.
0	Pictures taken with the zoom are blurry, it eats batteries
0	low talk time
0	Nothing
1	inexpensive, high quality color and b&amp;w print-out; nice little features 
0	8mb Memory Stick isn't enough. Wish the LCD was bigger.
1	2.3 megapixels, 2240X1500(max resolution), 24 bit color, JPEG or TIFF formatting, audio capabilities, 20 MB memory card 
0	can't charge battery while camara is on
0	paper feeder poorly designed, no USB connection
1	size, cool factor, big screen, features
0	poor graphics
0	Limited memory and Of course the speaker phone bug
1	Brilliant Blue Backlighting; Easy to Use; Color Screen; Great Ringtones
1	compact, lots of features, vibrator
0	none found
1	Great software and easy to use.
0	sensitive to indoor lighting ( color distortion with bad light )
0	No Flash, Focusing could be better.
0	Low Picture Quality
1	It talks; the printing quality is good; very inexpensive
0	Forever to boot., Separate ink cartridges tend to absorb into one another over time.
1	great image quality, low price
1	Looks good!!!
1	Otherwise, a decent phone.
0	Older phone so therefore it does not have a color display screen.
0	Price of cartridges
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
0	pause when focusing playback pictures, slow charging
0	Pricey, but coming down
0	no battery indicator.
0	cheap feel, crappy camera, speakerphone not clear/loud, antenna, voicedial cumbersome, batterylife
1	Instant results, great pictures, clear pictures, easy to operate, 
1	Appearance, tri-band world phone, GPRS, voice activated dialing
0	Not reliable
1	print speed, photo reproduction
0	Price
0	Not Newest/Fastest
1	Large screen, clear reception
0	Some buttons/menu items are confusing
1	Extensive manual control option, good photo quality
1	looks nice, easy to maneuver, different seating positions
0	lens cover scratches the body;unable to connect TV;TFT screen is hard to see under the sun;lack LCD display  on top of the camera
1	Nicely lit display, sturdy built
1	Easy to use, small enough to carry in your purse or pocket and very attractive also.
0	Ink cartridges needed galore, paper jams, unavoidable auto cleaning "feature", no clone refills.
1	great display, inner and outer, with indigo color, decent reception
0	Hard on batteries, difficult to use in low light conditions, useless zoom, limited picture quality
0	Cartridges get stopped up ALL THE TIME, must be replaced (costs 2x printer)
0	no storage
0	not enough zoom, pricey
0	lens cap
0	Lacks "gee whiz" stuff like Bluetooth, Speakerphone, SD slot.
1	Great size, color, features, somewhat easy to navigate
0	Mode dial keeps shifting when putting into carry bag
0	Goes thru batteries like a hot knife thru butter. Grainy pics of far objects.
0	battery consumption
0	everything else
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
0	A little bit pricey.
1	size, picture quality, oh did i mention size
0	Envelopes catches against output tray during output
0	bad Mac compatibility, paper feed problems, paper jams
0	Ink smears,  small ink cartridges, takes up more desk space.
1	Can make outgoing calls if you are lucky; looks ok
1	Good reception, great size, & unique style
0	no optical viewfinder
1	image quality, macro mode, ease of use, battery life, cool looks
0	- Poor low light pictures, - No noise/confirmation when taking picture
1	Display, sound quality
0	Photo reproduction is not as crisp as HP
0	isn't tightly integrated
1	feature packed;simple;quality output;price
0	No AC adapter. Use rechargeable batteries. Will be helpful to have a card reader.
1	Ease of use, 10x optical zoom
1	nice quality in grades of grey, color graphics, jam free, duplex attachment
0	none
1	fair price
0	Pull Up Antenna
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
1	Excellent features, very durable, good clarity
1	Relatively small and compact.
1	Lots of features, compact design.
1	Reliable, good output quality, acceptable speed
0	plain design
1	small, utilizes wonderful Nokia menu system
0	photograph printing not great
0	The alarm isn't that loud
1	Inexpensive, several functions, easy to use
0	Pester folks from the comfort of your car!
1	good print quality for the price
0	Not many faceplates to choose from, Lots of glare in sun, hard to find accessories.
1	5 megapixels, 8X zoom (35-280 mm), nikon quality and reliability
1	Good battery life, most needed features, improved interface for Motorola, programmable shortcuts
1	Good on Graphics, Pretty fast, Quiet, Great Printer
0	None -- it's better than it should be.
0	Very delicate. horrible signal quality, slow moving thru the menus
0	Sometimes signal could be better
1	MP3, sexy design
0	can't think of any
0	Some features are not entirely user-friendly
0	OK battery life, could be better. Only 2 phones entries per contact.
1	lots of features, good battery life, infra red
0	could be smaller, no good covers for it
0	May want something lighter
1	Good speakerphone & reception, good battery lifetime
1	Cool looking, great color, nice features
0	Paid a lot more just a few years ago.  Hard to adjust volume while using.
0	weird belt clip, short battery life, pricey
0	none I can think of
0	Price, but coming down steadilty
1	Compact; secured antenna; exterior display; features and setup options galore; very good reception/no dropped calls
1	Cute, small, light weight, cool feautures.
1	Intuitive, easy to use, excellent value
1	Excellent Photos!
0	Sometimes it's difficult to figure out.
0	If you want to spend more, you can get more resolution and memory.
0	price
0	Weak flash with long recycle time
0	service on nextel SUCKS!! cheap
0	Small Paper port, lot of movement kinda loud!
1	no problems figuring out how to use it.
1	GREAT lens, fast AF, good manual control, tons of features
0	lighting problem, blurry pictures
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	Only compatible with Canon papers
0	Software,power,zoom
0	None found yet
0	Sucks the life out of batteries
0	a little big for limited desk space
1	Nice zoom lens, good weight, pic and movie modes, swivel lcd screen
0	30 Second Delay When Using Duplexer / Ink is a Ripoff
0	No camera case with purchase
0	none
1	use of floppy disk over memory cards
1	Too many to list here
0	Battery endurance. Ergonomics.
1	Convenient, easy to use, good swivel lens options, overall respectable results.
0	No manual focus with super macro, Horrible battery life using lcd screen
1	Excellent Screen, Great Price, Compact and Stylish (both color and shape)
1	Good size, easy operation, good options good battery life.
0	overexposes on auto settings, doesn&amp;#146;t ship with rechargeable batteries/charger, slow RAW/TIFF mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	not many pros here
1	Excellent Images
0	None
0	No games, very little ringtones/wallpaper. Internet use costly.
1	design and picture quality
1	good for text documents, banners, small projects
0	None
1	None
0	The Cost $$$$$$$
1	Great pictures, good battery life, price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	None
0	Eh...batteries life and red eye (but read on)
0	No USB connection for picture transfer to computer
1	Diskette storage, long battery life, quick recharge
1	Cheap
0	I have several
0	Can't fax directly from PC, can't share port, small paper capacity.
0	Low Battery Life
0	Buggy Macintosh software, paper feed is not straight. 
0	Bad on/off switch, Viewer is in bad place
0	Eats batteries, No Zoom/Wideangle adjustment button, Slow auto Focus
1	Easier to use than other cameras. A lot of nice features. Long battery life.
0	Okay reception, battery life, heats up quick
1	SEE ABOVE
1	VERY little maintenance
0	long booting time, flash too bright
0	Slow menus,Annoying keyboard lock, Display brightness, Soft Ring, Bluetooth strobe
0	Everything except for the wrist strap...
1	Small Size
0	Get more Zoom
1	Great paper handling, high quality, high volume
0	Needs viewing window for canopy. Basket impossible to reach when fully reclined.
0	4 Mb memory stick
0	Bulky,
0	4MB included, eats batteries like no tomorrow, expensive after accessories
1	ok print quality; inexpensive all-in-one; USB; attractive
0	the usual small-camera cons: some red eye, just ok flash, smaller battery
0	Software could be better.
0	battery life is horrible
0	Retail price is high, no speakerphone, no games.
1	really good camera for both price &amp; size
1	8X Nikkor Zoom, five megapixel resolution, uncompressed RAW &amp; TIFF images, 
1	megapixels, software
0	ink guzzler
1	It supports GPRS, GSM, TDMA, and analog. It has voice dialing and built in vibration.
1	price
1	High Quality, Drivers Easily Loaded, Toner Saver Feature
0	Larger than flip phone, ear piece
0	poor ringtone volume, difficult to work with the screen under the sun
1	fairly inexpensive for a flip phone; lots of ringtones included
1	Inexpensive; multi-function.
1	infinite, free storage, 14x steadyshot optical zoom, 2-hour rechargeable batteries
0	Slow, unreliable, eats paper
0	no sound; no auto-scene modes
1	Small, many features, voice-activation
0	Poor charger connection and bad keypad design.
0	ink tends to run
0	Thin, but wide. Battery life is average. Price is kind of high. Gets dirty easily.
1	easy to push and turn, plenty of room for 2 children 
1	compact, 2 megapixels, works well with my MAC!!!
0	Complex at times; no audio
1	Non
1	Amazing camera, very durable, easy to use.
1	2x optical zoom, LCD Screen, easy to use.
0	get good at red eye touchup but this is the ONLY con
0	none
1	USB, ease of use, speed, support
1	LOW LOW Price. Easy To Use.
1	easy to use
0	its cool and cute for now until i mess it up.
0	Lack of Flash
0	not reliable, batteries go fast, no AC adapter included
1	Folds really small, easy to manouver and looks great.
0	bulky, slow shutter response, questionable quality
1	backlight, backlight fade effect, easy to read, durable, light, small, good reception.
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Battery life, little customization, dim in some conditions, pricey.
0	Ugly, Sprint service, annoying rings
0	two beeps that sound alike (see review text)
1	photo-layering inexpensively, quiet
0	somewhat bulky compared to new phones
0	Slow Printing
0	None
1	Quiet, Fast, Excellent text quality, Minimal Ink usage.
1	Good Quad band world phone. Bluetooth, Camera, great connectivity. Must have for a Geek/Gadget Freak.
0	Streaking constantly
0	Paper jams. Fax misleading
1	phone looks nice, easy setup, most necessary features included
0	slow speed on printing papers
0	Large.
0	size, price
0	Painted silver housing.
0	EXPENSIVE CARTRIDGES, NO HP 800 NUMBER
1	This phone is light weight.
1	6x Optical zoom, intuitive menus, viewfinder (day/dusk)
0	Only f8 is available at 1/1000 sec
1	lightweight, good battery life, good clarity, stylish, easy to use, affordable
0	Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. Can use instant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
0	It's old.
1	size, daytime quality, adjustability
0	Price, Battery, Accessories, New GUI not very user friendly
1	telephoto lens, floppy disks, flexibility
0	I Hear people before I answer
1	Great print quality, print jobs begin quickly
1	Ease of use, light weight, small, internet capable.
0	Uses quite a bit of ink on picture quality
0	Recharging required often; finding accessories
0	ink cost
0	Doesn't have interchangeable lenses
1	Can make and receive calls usually without many problems.
1	Attractive design, satisfying features, the backlight!
0	EVERYTHING
1	Very good image quality for the money (we received a $100 rebate)
0	Battery life, form factor.
1	User Friendly
0	Sorry, didn't find any!
0	You can see the pixels, and it's slow
1	easy to use, compact, light weight
0	price
0	On the lower end of resolution
0	none
0	Eats batteries like they're goin' out of style., Takes lousy pictures., 
1	size, design, functions, compatibility
0	sound quality, phonebook, backlighting, belt holster, battery life
0	expensive ink, painfully slow
0	Bad reception, volume too low
0	A bit too small. Feels a little flimsy.
0	Still looking
0	Not the best photo quality, small internal memory
1	small, light, fast shutter speed, internal 16 megs. memory with option of smartmedia disks.
1	Price, ease of use
1	MP3 player, MultiMediaCard support, huge memory (MultiMediaCard), large and clear display, light weight, java games
1	High Quality Printouts, Cheap, Durably
0	No flash; Software is horrible
1	tiny size, excellent national coverage, very cheap, great sms features
0	Drawbacks listed in review
0	Expensive Cartridges
0	Heavy! Ugly yellow-ish backlighting
1	Fast, competent, fully featured, quality results, excellent value for money, extensible.
0	Volume control adjustment
1	Color screen and graphics; flip phone; small and sleek; changeable outer body.
1	easy to use, takes great photos
0	Pano loss when SMcard formatted with card readers, Insufficient included SMcard, Wasn't free.
1	Light, small, cool and stylish. Brilliant photos. Many features.
1	Good features, durable, stylish.
1	Low cost and light weight
0	Low megapixel, Poor picture quality indoors, limited extra features.
0	Screen and buttons small depending on what you're used to
0	A little too hefty for the average hip pocket
1	Small size, external caller ID, crisp screen, decent camera, good battery life
0	None.
1	Uses 1.44MB floppies.  Easy to use.  No more wasted film.
0	Takes forever to start printing if you are printing 1st document after computer startup
1	easy to use, excellent picture quality, low priced 3.34 megapixel camera
0	Bad button placement, touch screen and call do not mix well.
1	Takes Excellent pictures.
1	Small, many cover options, text messaging
1	Plays MP3s, many options, wireless web capabilities.
1	never drops calls, great reception
1	Excellent Picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good Software Bundle&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Sony Memory, Tv Out &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Comfortable Feel
0	Poorly written directions for phone and most accessories
0	Camera doesn't work well in darker settings, power hungry
0	big noisy ink guzzler :(
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
0	Lousy user manual, very unintuitive OS
1	Great price, easy installation and it prints fast!
1	Truly Pocketable. Affordable. Fast. Perfect with Bluetooth headsets. Tip Calculator & World Clock features!
1	SMALL EASY TO CARRY
0	costly little bugger
0	costly ink cartridges
1	Excellent resolution and color, very user friendly, very little shutter lag.
0	cartridges cannot be refilled, slow and noisy
1	SMALL, BATTERY LIFE, GAMES, CALCULATOR, FRONT SCREEN
1	Picture quality, speed of shooting, swivel head, best shot selector, dynamic ISO ranges, great macro ability
0	Slower Shutter response that any Film Camera.
0	Some closeup pictures have turned out a little too washed out from strong flash
1	design, color screen, polyphonic, QWERTY pad, battery life, light, scroll/navigation button, speakerphone
1	Great design, good picture quality, nice little zoom.
1	Fast Performance, Good Image Quality
1	range, small, durability, features, and attachments
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	  Easy to use.  Stylish.
1	Tri band, cheap, good size
1	Cheap printer for simple personal use. 
1	Great signal strength
1	Easy to use, sleek look
1	decent camera phone, user friendly format
0	Loud and slow
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
0	Flash is too bright on auto setting, but can be adjusted. 
1	More Pixels to Pesos
0	It sucks batteries, and my cord is not working.
1	Great Price and Good Print Quality
1	PDA functionality, tons of features
1	Functionality, Features, Price
0	very very very very expensive
1	Compact, stylish yet rugged.  Innovative features.
1	Compact, light, durable and its a Peg Perego...
1	Lightweight, 2-in-1, padded, easy storage, and many other things.
1	Baby not disturbed. Easy to use.
0	-LOW ring tones!!
1	picture clarity, ease of use, versatility, decent movie mode
1	great phone!
0	Battery Life, Software.
0	"Lags" (Explained in Review)
0	Slow Menus-Cheap Design-Errors With Earphone-Bad Reception
0	Everything else
0	Flip top easily broken; ringer stops working occasionally; horrible warranty program
1	Great size. Wonderful pictures
1	Size is nice, easy to use all and all a good phone.
0	Ink cartridges are expensive.
1	MP3 ringtones.  Java games.  Flashy lights.
0	small buttons
0	Antenna, Price, Stupid belt clip
0	REALLY should have come with a 16MB card (or better)
0	sometimes the littlest things can screw it up
1	fast, inexpensive
1	many well-integrated features, voice dialing, phonebook, email etc
0	eats batteries
1	Fast and easy
0	When you leave it at home, you're just another geek without a cell phone
1	many features,large screen, small, lightwieght,
1	Pretty much everything especially LCD, Storage, Picture Quality, and Price
0	Battery Life, Slow start up, Red-eye reduction not perfect, Customer Service
0	PRODUCT WARRATEE IS FAKE, high price, questionable quality of camera components
0	Knocked out my LaserJet, difficult USB install
1	Speed, accuracy, simplicity
0	High price
0	None, really.
0	To Many Lights,It Lacks A Color Screen
0	Difficult to install USB drivers.
0	Weak antenna, flaky software, only 256 colors
0	Slightly slow menu navigation, times out on you to quick.
0	needs two cartridges, i think it should be in one
1	Very sturdy phone
0	Small keypad, SIM Card warn out in 13 months, doesn't work most of the time.
1	Functions Well, Durable, Excellent Menu, Nice Appearance
0	None So Far!
1	Inexpensive, plenty of features for the money, good sound quality.
0	Soft photos, proprietary battery with mediocre life.
1	Price, quality
1	handy,  and easy to use
0	can not talk without taking holster off.  battery dies easily from talking to much.
1	Great clarity, tons of options, Internet/email capable.
1	Image stabilization.  10x zoom eliminates penalty of 2.1 megapixels.
1	See 1- 5 above
0	Difficulty with low light focusing, have to stop to focus, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	heavy, not very compact when folded, plasticky accessories, sun shade is just ok
1	A fast digital copier and laser printer
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
0	Annoying sensitive buttons on the side, no video
1	Style, quality, features, graphics, capabilities, clarity
1	Full of well organized features.
0	Dynamic quality issues
0	A little slow on best quality
1	Smallest camera of it's type. Sleek durable design. High reliability
1	Stylish, Full featured, Intuitive, Customisable
0	Initializing of first print page really slow.
0	look
0	None
1	Easy to use, fabulous picture quality, lots of features
1	Great and light weight
0	only black and white, fairly big
0	None known.
0	Not the Quality of my old Nokia, Soft plastic case damages easily, poor photos
1	full recline, reversible handle bar, spacious for baby
1	Great connectivity, easy to sync contacts, great signal strength (AT&T Carrier, GSM), great aesthetics!
1	Good for scaring small children and a good gag gift.
1	Incredibly fast black &amp; white printing.  VERY cheap for what you get.
1	compact, VERY USER FRIENDLY, customer support
0	Menu system can be awkward to use at time...
1	great quality printing
1	zoom lens, long battery life
1	User Friendly
0	computer interface
0	Kinda blocky and non-ergonomic
0	housing dents easily, screen hard to see, software bugs, no 1XRTT, no Java apps
0	Cheap antenna, buttons a little hard to push, not a TON of features
0	price, bought it because of rebate offer that never developed.
1	External Flash, Manual Mode, front access
1	Ergonomically sound. , Great "beater" camera., Ease.of functionality
0	smaller, not a lot to grip
0	Picture clarity not as clear as a good 35mm
0	Paper capacity
1	Good design, small, voice dial, getting cheaper and cheaper
0	no camera function
0	A bit bulky and heavy.
1	user friendly, small, durable with good pictures
1	All around good printer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Difficult to focus in poor light conditions.
1	USB and Parallel, Excellent print quality
1	Great quality, great speed, durability
0	Flimsy antenna
1	Good for scanning to Acrobat.
1	Speakerphone, Indiglo
1	Small size, ease of use, very good quality snapshots.
0	Size is larger than film P&amp;S, battery life is zapped way too quickly
0	If the phone had the speaker phone ability it would rule.
1	Simple to use.
1	Camera + Phone!
1	Cheap, Quiet, Small
0	Not loud enough, distorted-
1	Clear and crisp text &amp;  pictures for the money
0	None
0	None, none at all.
1	Easy Function Modes
1	Seemingly sturdier design with no loss of output or reception. Needs no separate cover.
0	Only 2.0 Megapixels
1	Lightweight, affordable
0	low quality pictures, drains batteries
0	There is a variance between the optical viewfinder and the digital one. Can get confusing.
0	volume controls on side are easy to press accidentally
0	GSM only, so limited coverage in the middle of nowhere (currently).  Bluetooth accessories are pricey.
1	small, lightweight, easy to read display, long battery life, very durable
1	Quick, high quality printer - excellent quality and very paper tolerant.
1	Combines PDA, e-mail and cell phone functions.
0	Scanning requires you read instructions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Color cartridges stamina and cost
0	Manufacturers Lose $$$$$$$
0	Small wheels and not very durable 
1	High resolution and optical zoom features
0	Pretty big, but as long as you account for the deskspace, no problem.
0	poor range; poor workmanship
0	Black ink is not waterproof, no greyscale mode.
0	Battery life is slightly shorter than the Nokia 6190. Not a "SIM" card phone.
0	Setup is non-intuitive using front panel.
0	Downloading is frustrating, takes really bad pictures with the flash on.
1	Great pic quality, lots of features and small enough for a pocket, very durable
1	average speed lower price
0	Windows 2000
0	no optical zoom, only 2x digital zoom
1	Display, looks, battery life
1	Extensive features, options, and accessories
0	keypad layout isn't natural.
1	Two way radio, cell phone, and pager all in one piece of equipment.  Fairly small, and easy to use.
0	High purchase price, high cost per page for ink, heavy, and bulky.
0	remember it's lightweight
1	Wonderful resolution
0	Illumination kind of dim in dark light situations.
0	Horrible Technical Support and no future printer driver updates. 
0	too expensive to buy for non business needs.
0	battery life
1	Many options and small size
0	VERY ink-thirsty, sneaky inkjet cartridge disable built-in
0	a little high in cost, but then again, all are
1	It won't cost much to get you started.  Maybe 50 to 60 bucks.
0	Is an 'older model'
0	Pokemon shaped, brick, horrible keypad, slow
1	Quality &amp;amp; Ease of Use
1	Slick looking.  Easy video & camera features.
1	very good optical zoom, very good picture quality even on 1M Fine resolution
0	Zoom Response is a Little Slow
1	Great print quality and quite too
0	The battery in this phone is very weak, and dies quickly.
0	battery life
1	easy, light, different types of photos
1	good photos, easy to use, extra accessories, good price
0	looks more complicated than it is
1	cute, dual screen, good signal.
1	Decent call quality, can play music, slim profile phone.
1	Light weight, sleek look, value for money mobile
1	Good, reasonable, compact, no problems with Windows 2000 Professional
1	price
1	Solid all metal compact body; Quality Canon lens; Easy to use.
1	2.1MP, 3x zoom, easy handling, good picture quality.
0	Storage space, LCD screen, No sound recording capability
1	Weight, Size
0	Poor built-in flash. Little flexibility in settings. Stability in question.
0	dosen't have a speaker phone function, paint scratches easily, no camera, cheasy backgrounds
0	no manual focus
1	Easy to use and good fotos
1	Floppy disks, easy to use.
1	Looks good, prints great
1	Outside display, large inner display, sleek, tri-mode
1	Excellent reception.
0	Manual was on CD so I didn't find it for a long time.
1	Quality of scans, prints and copies are great.
0	the flash
1	It takes good detailed pictures if it does not break first.
1	Perfect physical size and user interface.
0	none found as of yet.....
1	Nice look and feel
0	Faceplates scratch easily :( Volume doesn't go high enough?
0	Not have a memory card to replace.
0	ink replacements are expensive, must buy printer cord sepratly
1	Great earpiece volume
0	ITS YOUR FIRST DIGITAL CAMERA TO PLAY WITH!!!! :)
0	Costly accessories, phone can't run from adapter alone, awkward user-interface
0	Everything
1	Easy to operate, 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy, 10X zoom
1	Good features, Great to play around with for the Video part and BlueTooth.
1	Small, inexpensive, faster than ink-jets
1	Fast, cheap, great B/W printing
0	Quits taking charge, badly designed on/off switch
1	Color fax ability, scanner, copier
0	Lame games!!!! but easily over looked
0	If you go for the products that look the best, don't buy this.
0	Smallish display, a little bulky.
1	Battery life, blue backlight, clarity.
0	Really bad software, bad support, small storage, bad in low light, few features.
0	Typing text messages can be tricky, long menus to scroll thru.
0	standard 8mb memory
0	Needs an extended battery (see review)
0	Minor focusing niggles (doesn't greatly affect use of the camera); a bit slow perhaps.
1	Reliable over time, good value
1	It is convienant for transporting a newborn
0	EVERYTHING!!!!
0	memory card instead of floppy disk storage
0	Ink runs out quickly, low print quality, over-priced
1	Photo printing
1	Durable, safe, good sun/rain/wind protection, cargo hooks
0	Camera size is too big, many features that beginners don't use
1	small slim size is good.  it takes decent pictures.
1	Love the pictures it takes!
0	Proprietory battery
0	flimsy, cheap construction, not durable, cheap belt clip, poor battery life, prone to problems
1	Great phone deal-pretty phone. Overall-i'm very pleased. Verizon was great. I will stay with them.
1	Quality, size, fully auto but allows total control
0	Uses a lot of ink.
1	Takes pictures in all types of lighting 
0	possible paper jams
1	Small camera with the smallest underwater housing
0	Horrible quality.
0	None
1	Very easy to use, good quality pictures, LCD screen
0	Occasionally Locks Up, Bad Plastic Holster
0	Poor quality overall, ringtone volume
0	A little pricey compared to dot matrix options
0	Large compared to other brand name phones, battery life, expensive.
1	Price and lasts long
1	color screen, battery life, organizer
1	Clear, crisp and realistic color printing
1	Compact, Easy to Navigate Menus, Clarity, Reception, Phone Book
1	stylish, flexible, manner mode button, good reception and sound
1	Multiple features, Large size for big hands, GREAT image quality
1	Inexpensive, easy to use
1	Excellent picture quality, easy to use, both optical and LCD viewfinders
0	Small Basket,canopy window placement
0	Essentially no significant cons.
0	No Remote Control, Not as durable as the 3000 Zoom
0	many breakdowns.had to replace four times. They didn't want to give new only refurbished units.
1	Good picture quality
0	can drop it 4 feet and it still works
1	Great potential, great price, great feel, great everything.
1	It's a Canon, great print quality, separate ink replacement tanks, easy to set up
1	Excellent resolution, good speed, great features
1	Easy to use for beginners.
1	Small, lightweight, very usable.
1	Compact, nice screen, external caller ID window screen.
1	Microdrive is great, large number of pixels, and normal feel to the camera
1	Low cost, high print quality, front load paper tray
1	Fully reclines, large seating area, soft fabric...well known name.
0	Zoom feature is minimal
0	Is there?
1	stand-by time increased, better text messaging, on-the-fly PTT groups, & size.
1	great quality
1	Very affordable, easy to use
0	Very annoying focus assist light.
1	Zoom capability, image clarity, software
1	Inexpensive for large size output capacity
0	None yet
1	Fast engine, easy network setup,works with Win2K like a pro, great image quality!
0	battery life could be longer
0	Stay tuned
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures.  
1	good flash, good detail/sharpness, low noise
1	Good close up photography
0	none
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
0	A storage and power hog. It can get expensive fast.
1	Initial purchase price good
1	Small design, easy to use, excellent resolution, great features!
1	Bluetooth.  Style.
1	Bad battery life and freezes up.
0	hard to understand instructions
0	Red eye reduction, daytime outside shots, blurry action photos
0	Battery Life needs help.  Verizon service not as good as AT&T. Occasional Reset needed.
1	Ease of use and features built in
1	Small, durable, ergonomic, easy to use
0	No "rapid fire", takes a while to take the next picture, "spur of the moment".
0	no "real" tones, no loudspeaker
1	Agfa quality in a small box, great for table top and tests
1	Excellent photo quality prints without waiting forever.
1	Sound, feel, weight, screen
0	Small buttons, as most users will tell you.
0	can be a bit confusing
1	Inexpensive, great looking prints on special paper
1	an little engineering marvel
1	Ease of use, Strudy, Convient
0	Slow, big
0	Battery life has diminished somewhat over time.
0	Lack of networking support; no multipage FAX input
1	nice faceplates, 1-touch dialing, lots of space for numbers
1	High Quality, Quick Transfer, Low Cost
0	No zoom, short battery life
0	Poorly stocked supplies, USB only, banding and visible dots on very close inspection.
0	DISK NOT A GOOD IDEA...
0	Lousy indoor pictures (most repairable though), poor focus, non-upgradable.
1	Inexpensive, Versatile, Durable, Fast, High Print Quality
1	Picture Quality, Easy to Learn and Use
0	Eats thru batteries quickly if you do not have the AC adaptor
1	Small, Light, Cute looking, Cool White Backlight, Easy to use menus
1	quality printing, good size/shape
1	handy floppy disk
0	expensive accessories, prolonged flash when snapping pictures
0	The battery could be a problem for those who talk a lot.
0	speed and cleaning
0	Standby reception, Size, Clarity, holster , charging connection, Volume, Durability.
1	Sleek, slim design and blueooth
1	Loaded with features. Supper easy to use.
1	Average Print quality
1	Disk use
0	Bulky for taking "casual" photos
1	Screen; ring tones; Symbian O/S; bluetooth connectivity; memory expansion; still/video camera; style
0	less than eight wheels
0	Noisy start up...uses lots of ink
0	I am staying up nights, trying to think of some cons, but no luck yet.
1	Small size, decent battery life, range of accessories, excellent menu system
0	Terrible Customer Service, Ink cartridges
1	Good speed, super quality, great features
0	cool
1	Floppy Disk Storage, LCD Panel to see Pictures
1	it looks great, slim and stylist!
0	Awkward Charger, Not the best reception but good.
1	Light as air, Excellent O/S, Dual Band
0	None
0	Drops calls.  Reception is horrible.  Must pay to do ANYTHING on this phone and service.
0	Hard to see screen in sunlight
0	Better than average use can make this quite costly!
1	Got it for free
0	Not very sophisticated
0	Short battery life.  I mean really short.
1	None that I can think of
0	Some dead zones, low battery life at times.
1	Long-life InfoLithium battery, Audio recording, MPEG movie mode 
0	Really should have the vertical grip for large hands but worth the double battery life and portrait controls at twice the price!
1	Compact, can get 2 for 1 deal, two way radio, good antenna, great for babysitting
1	good quality printing
0	Closed system, not possible to install after market symbian programs
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, excellent color quality, compares favorably to an Alps photo printer
0	Price, holster design.
1	Long battery life, easy to use
0	Software included with camera not too great.
0	NO JAVA, NO INTERNET ACCESS, NO GAMES
0	Doesn't handle all papers well and jams frequently.
0	sometimes does not ring or vibrate when text message
0	none I can think of
1	A mother's savior!
1	Easy to use
0	Chair back takes practice and storage area too small.
0	Pricey. 
0	Freezes up way too often, complicated, small keys, dim screen when outdoors.
0	breaks after two months, not durable as expected, turned out to be a heap of junk
0	Boot and Process time
0	Bad flash, Small Memory, Avg. Quality
0	Freezes computer during several times during USB transfer, grainy indoor pics, uses battery up quick
1	buy it
0	no bluetooth, no camera and short battery life
0	It is HP
0	amount of pictures you can shoot
1	small, magnesium case, sharp pictures
0	Difficult menu system to figure out initially
1	Great for Kids Schoolwork
0	voice activated dial sometimes iffy
1	picture quality, ease of operation, instant gratification
0	not great for printing pictures
1	Price, large LCD, Easy operation
0	Bad quality in LCD screen, 
1	print quality, speed, ease of use
0	basic model - no frills
1	Sleek, antenna-less design; features galore
1	Awsome signal, exceptional battery life, light weight, small, & fun fun fun
1	good quality
0	Bulky, expensive, suffers in low light
0	A little pale in the saturation dept. Lens is not that sharp. 
1	never used it don't know
1	fast and good quality
1	Made by Motorola.
0	Price of accessories
0	bulky
1	Fast and Reliable
1	Great pictures
0	eats batteries alive
1	3.3 megapixel, great image quality, accurate colors, auto exposure bracketing, remote control 
0	poorly designed; breaks too easily;
0	Easy to forget to flip-up flash, who can understand the button icons?
1	Many features, easy to use, excellent photo quality
0	Auto Focus
0	Picture sizes 
0	Not enough accessories
1	Very easy to use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
1	pda power without excessive geekiness
0	Not much memory, sucks serious battery
0	Power consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' power kit included.
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
1	Changable Colors, Text Messaging, Sound Quality
1	versatile, great print quality and scans nicely
1	great value, decent quality
1	GREAT price, GREAT pictures
1	Compact, High Quality pictures, and many shooting modes and options.
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, size limits, etc etc etc
0	Not as much storage as a comparable camera with internal/removable memory card.
1	Excellent image quality, good battery life.
0	print cartridge alignment procedure is a pain in the ...
0	voicestream has spotty coverage... no WAP if you are into that sort of thing
0	A bit expensive
0	Bulky, noisy, sometimes doesn't work
1	Product has great software and picture quality. 
1	Nice black finish, looks cool, 2MP camera and flash
0	Limited battery time
0	Bigger than S200, weak flash, short battery life, other minor quibbles.
0	if you review your photos often the battery does run out quick
0	Freezes up, reboots and shuts down all by itself (or requires a reboot and shutdown)
1	many features, though superfluous
1	Tons of Functionality, Great Display, Sleek Looks
1	Inexpensive, Great quality, Easy to use
1	Big screen; roller thing; nice design; good battery life; predictive text input; voice tags
1	Great Camera , Awesome Photos
0	limited space and slow transfer speed of media
0	Battery life, Hard to see the monitor outside in sunlight
0	Defective casings, horrible ring tones, buggy interface, functional nightmare, useless documentation.
0	Expensive, not many "extra" features.
0	The speed could be better.
0	None I've found.
1	Hello Hewlett Packard
0	125'sec flash syncro., 320 ISO...
1	Small size, microscreen in viewfinder, 3x optical zoom
1	all in one device
0	Stingy compact flash, lack of ac adapter
1	Cheap price, software is easy to use
0	heavy, a bit bulky
1	Easy to use.  Good photos.
1	Great pictures and easy to operate
1	Easy to use &amp;amp; awesome clear pictures
0	The ink cartridges are small and run out quickly.
1	great signal strength, good battery life beautiful screen
0	Batteries do not last very long
1	Price and maybe size
0	Battery eater, have to connect to computer every time you download pictures
1	Solid construction, large well spaced buttons, great speakerphone, landline quality sound, loud ringer
1	voice quality, easy to take pictures, small size, good speakerphone
0	See review
1	Amazing photo quality, easy USB setup!
1	Great Phone, vibrate, voice dial are my favorite features.  Great price with rebates.
0	None
1	12PPM (fast), flatbed, good color quality, sheet feeder
0	Um, see the rest. Basically everything haha
0	lack of support
1	inexpensive, easy to use
1	small size, no annoying antenna, includes vibrating battery
1	Small, Good quality build, Great CCD !Worth the buy !
0	Ink hog, expensive cartridges, noisy
0	Dust in the viewfinder, rubber hand grip stretches &amp; becomes unglued
1	both software and camera are easy enough for anyone to operate
1	affordable
1	cheap, fast, clear output
0	No flat bed scanner
1	See Review Above
1	Good value, individual ink cartridges, easy to use, fast printing
0	doesn't come with a power supply cord
0	SEE ABOVE
1	Great signal strength and good battery life. Accessories cheap.
0	My thumb keeps pushing the battery latch open and buttons are flimsy
1	Large memory, good battery, comes with all the necessary components
1	Great value, powerful optical zoom, versatile functions, nicely balanced.
1	All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
1	cheap
0	Eats batteries, lag in shutter response.
0	marginal image quality; limited storage; inadequate product support
1	Excellent quality pictures, very easy to use and my first experience with digital photography.
1	Amazing features and abilities
0	Sometimes the signal is off, and you'd need to mess around with the phone.
0	No speakerphone, cumbersome phonebook entry lookup.
1	floppy disk storage
0	Nothing I can think of
0	a little pricey, heavy
1	Excellent quality, speedy printing, low cost
0	Expensive
0	Your best photo's will be bad.
1	lightweight
1	light weight, portability, not many have it, affordable, quality, ease of use
0	Menus could be more intuitive and no so deep
0	just about everything about it
0	Doesn't print extremely fast, although it isn't slow either.
1	Small, nice features, good quality
1	Great picture quality, rich with functions, many improvements from the G2
1	I feel the baby is safe, it's easy to use, and comfortable for baby
0	Price, basket
1	QWERTY Keyboard, 4 IM Clients, Good Battery Life, FM Radio, my favorite phone...
1	Color Screen, Camera, Call Quality
1	Great pictures and features for the price
0	small basket
0	no USB, minor issue
1	Ease of use
1	Great display, great signal, nice design, GPRS, infrared port, Java
1	It is both a 2-way radio and a phone.
0	Speed
0	Slightly difficult-to-press buttons, shape takes a little getting used to
1	Ease of use, LCD viewfinder
1	Good value, good photos, simple to use
1	nice entry level price, good photo quality, lots of zoom, big screen
0	Cost of Epson brand printer cartridges
1	Good size, durable, many accessories, long talktime
0	Storage rack under seat not fully accessible when seat in full recline
1	Best Price offered , Long Life battrey  Charge
1	GSM coverage in US, Europe and Africa, long talk time, text messaging
0	Hard to comfortably.  View finder is so so.  Hate the rubber flap thing
0	$30-35 ink cartridges
1	Picture quality less than film-perfect.  Remember, though-it's a WATCH, for goodness sake.
1	Rugged, easy to use, good pictures
0	Red eye is just like other cameras.  No different than disposable.
1	Lightweight, Easy to Use, Inexpensive
0	Rather big and bulky compared to other phones on the market.
0	none
0	not as high quality as the more expensive brands
1	Great Price and Good Print Quality
1	Nice phone, stereophonic rings, color screen
0	Will not use internal memory when a memory card is plugged in, no optical zoom
1	SIZE, SIZE, SIZE
0	small cartridge size
0	2Mb memory, "small" paper cache (~100 sheets)
0	none
0	or you can say there's nothing good about it.
0	Short-lived images
0	SOFTWARE
0	no vibrate feature, no VM indicator
0	everything you can think of
1	Quality pictures, picture enhancing features, 5 autofocus regions, Scenes mode, small and light-weight.
0	Operating cost BAD...
0	small screen for mobile web
0	very heavy to carry
1	Beautiful photos when it was working. Fast card reader.
1	Rather fast, excellent service
0	Nothing.
1	small, compact, pretty, durable, soft buttons
0	Audio sound not as clear or loud as it could be.
1	TFT color display, Ringers & Wallpaper, Web Display, External Display
0	Lens cap is cumbersome, easy to lose
0	Very bad reception (only_in_the_UK?!?), some glitches to be ironed out, lack of features.
1	Read on!
1	A cornucopia of fantastic features.
0	Slight shutter lag time.
1	Easy setup, fast printing, quiet printing, cartridges easy to change
0	Flimsy Antenna, Ringers Could Be Better
0	Shutter delay, slow recovery time, dark flash photos in viewfinder
0	Low internal memory
1	Excellent low light lens, picture quality, auto exposure settings
0	Interface a little quirky
0	Speakerphone is horrible
0	charging time, navigation
0	NONE
0	Goes through batteries kind of fast with the LCD on
0	Envelopes tend to stick.
0	Battery life is very low
1	Feature rich with superb battery life, but weaknesses overshadow strengths significantly.
1	Thin, sexy, bright display, all the bells and whistles
0	RECEPTION!
1	Bells and whistles , long battery life , good reception
0	'Slow' lens, camera cannot be mounted as a removeable drive on PC's
1	Trendy-looking, well-finished, high resolution screen color
1	Relatively integrated palm/phone, not overbearingly large, affordable 1XRTT (finally).
1	Beautiful HI RES pictures achieved! Fair pricing! 
1	4.3 Optics almost unobtainable elsewhere
0	No rechargable battery
0	Printing software is long and involved, bring a snack. :), 
0	Small size restricts usability; Verizon-mandated features reduce options.
0	chunky, a bit unattractive
0	Below average reception, error prone button layout, slow clunky menu interface.
1	LCD Screen, lighting modes, battery life, 3.5" Floppy Drive
0	hard on batteries, slow recovery time, limited manual mode.
0	Constant quality problems.
1	Great prints
1	good sound
0	Picture quality could be better
1	Color, AIM, Good Reception
0	Have not determined any as of yet
0	Unreliable, slow printing
0	High Resolution so must by biggest and most expensive disk to hold pictures.
1	reliable, quality
0	loud and slow
1	SUPER FAST! Great print quality, can be networked with optional network card
0	Battery life is too short, heats up noticeably during extended usage.
0	frequent battery recharge, no storage case, small chassis for large hands
0	Time Ticks Off When You First Start Dialing, NOT at Pickup; Setup Takes Patience
0	Easily toggled video/camera switch, CompactFlash memory is slow
1	Fun and Functional
0	cannot do rapid fire pictures, shutter lag, overall price, limited avail of accessories
1	Hands free speaker phone
1	Great price on refurbs
0	Price for ink.  Costs over $200.
0	Digital zoom = why bother?
1	2.1 mega pixel, Auto flash with some extra flash features,TV out,USB,3X zoom
0	none
0	The machines are not built for long service.  Is it built in obsolescence?
1	Removable memory stick easy to get to. Takes printable quality pics.
0	Poor flash
0	GSM coverage in the USA is not complete.&#13;&#10;Only 8 entries can have voice tags.
0	Camera detail isn't great
0	unexploited features go to waste
1	cheap - good quality if you have time to wait.
0	Lots of assembly, hard to navigate takes up half the trunk
0	Challenged in low-light, a little slow, weak bundle
0	Poor reception range, poor battery life, permanent battery, single band
1	Small, light, compact
1	Small reliable and backed up by Sony (at a premium price)
0	Battery life, few options, squeaky hinge, unpredictable call quality
1	Easy to use, good quality output, compact
1	Lightweight
1	Size, features, quality color display, loud speaker phone, accurate voice dial, great look and feel
1	good price
1	Ultra-compact, stunning picture quality, loaded with features
0	Terrible manual, no sync. software, high radiation, hard to find accessories, heavy, small phone book.
0	None
1	Amazing versatility and feature set for the price ($470 7/03)
0	short battery life and slightly blurry high quality pictures
1	Great colors, fast speed, flexible settings
1	Good picture quality, easy to use, compact and small, lighweight, good features
1	easy to operate
0	cost of ink
0	not as fast as some
0	poor picture quality, cheap construction, lack of lense cover
1	AFFORDABLE, SLEEK
0	Double sided printing gets a bit dirty with toner. 8mb memory is not expandable. 
1	View screen instant review. point and shoot, high resolution photos
1	Versatile, Ease of Use Given the Power
1	Easy to use, Great detail &amp;amp; color, Vibrant!
0	Not much in this category....price for some.
1	Output, speed, scanner &amp; fax functions, versatility
1	handles 11x17 paper
0	Early versions had bugs
1	Price vs. Quality is superior!
0	Poor picture quality, Useless Ir Port, Data cable not avalible in USA yet.
1	small, speaker phone is excellent, battery life, good reception
0	can only print the 1440x720 dpi on special paper
1	quality, fast b/w, ink lasts long
1	Good quality pictures, easy to use
1	great to look at, incredibly easy to use, nice compact size
1	Small, handsome, full function, exceeds basic needs, good value, travels well.
1	Packed with great info and software
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
0	Speaker could be a little bit louder during a call
0	Looks & size.  FIRMWARE ISSUES.  Occasional system "crash".  Durability?
0	Can't think of any
0	Sprint PCS, issues with photos from PC (minor problems)
0	limited photo resolution, lens placement
0	Cheap, No USB cable included.
1	Way too many to list here, read my review.
1	It's an HP! Works well, great output!
0	Scratches easily, sony mem sticks are expensive, LCD useless in bright sunlight
0	camera, not alot of memory for mp3
1	good sized, fairly quiet
1	Roomy, nice high handles, 5 point harness, BIG canopy
0	Needs batteries alot!
0	Poor battery life, freezes too often.
1	Versatility, convenience, simplicity
0	flash not so hot, no zoom
0	slow, prints green 
0	Horrible microphone. Limited phone book entries.
0	Single Band, no expandability, no palm OS, accessories?
0	Price, delay between taking pictures, battery consumption
1	Rechargeable battery,  floppy storage, 10X lens, 
1	Large Screen, Voice Quality, Gimmick-free phone
1	Comes with scanner, copier, fax and printer
0	short talk time
0	Print head only last months; cost half of the retail price of the machine
0	When creating multi page documents, they sometimes wind up on the floor
0	none
1	There isn't any.
0	Eats battery, slow in all aspects, 72dpi JPEG, plastic casing
1	small, pretty, loads of features and accessories
1	battery life,massive storage.
0	Battery Life is about one weeks worth of picture taking
1	External caller ID, flip phone, loud ringer!
1	memory price -- uses diskettes
0	slow, limited zoom, software
1	speed, multi function
0	Short battery life
1	price value style
1	Great quality of workmanship, great design and functionality
1	Fast and easy menu system, beautifully large screen, TONS of features
0	Scanner and Fax software not so impressive.
0	battery life, sudden phone shutoff, sudden call drops
0	No memory expandability, slightly sluggish user interface.
0	Battery drains
1	Nice and compact
1	Good quality, easy to use, uses 1.44 floppies
1	attractive, external display, voice notes
1	mp3 ringtones, camera, WAP access, good reception
1	Low maintenance, takes a beating, great for a home office
1	Everything!  The quality is amazing!
1	easy to use, small, great software
0	Somewhat small display, pricey
0	Pricey and should come with more memory cards and an AC adaptor for the money.
1	Cheap, compact, fast printing, good quality, easy to set up, relatively quiet
0	Lens doesn't Last.
1	large viewing screen, easy-to-read, easy-to-use, can take a LOT of crap..
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
0	its cheap and misfeeds a lot
1	&lt;b&gt;TINY SIZE, GREAT IMAGE QUALITY&lt;/B&gt;
1	ease to use, quality of images
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	Terrible sound quality (On two separate M-610's),
1	Great Mobile Phone, the finest phone in the market today, very Cool
0	Fragile software, mediocre reception, low earpiece volume, hard-to-read display
1	Sharp f2.0 Zeiss lens, Excellent picture quality, Cheap high capacity storage media &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Zoom, Flash/Red-eye reduction, Easy to use, Clear pictures
0	Would be nice if it supported the LS-120's or the FDHD 200 Sony Standard
1	Excellent picture quality and battery life
1	Great pix; bright LCD; good battery life
1	Great Quality Photo Prints, Cheap on Ink in the long run.
0	large, heavy and expensive
0	completing functions my be cumbersome
1	EVERYTHING IS GREAT
0	Low Zoom, Options
0	slow to write data to disks
0	Slow, No stand alone fax
1	When it prints a page without jamming and the ink doesn't smear, it looks great!
0	Loud, high priced, and not that great on black text.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Little Flimbsey, battery power, antenna isn't stubby.
0	infant part needs more padding
0	Lack of phone lock, soft buttons, not comfortable, cracking when talking.
0	Zoom is noisy and loose, Sucks the batteries., Pop up flash
1	Small Size, Good battery life, easy to use buttons
0	No A/C adapter included
0	not reliable!
1	Excellent macro quality for 35mm slide copying.  Relatively small size. 
1	Great low price. Good print quality
1	sleek style small size easy to use
1	Easy to transport, easy to use. Nice color.
0	Need vibrating battery to vibrate, size
0	Too many features
1	Features, image quality
0	nothing, yet!
0	Battery Problems; Hard to Find
1	camera phone & it was free,
0	All things that would be expected from a small camera
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	inexpensive, webcam conversion included, easy to use
0	Slightly dated technology
0	buttons too small
0	See above.  I'll never by Motorola again because of this.
0	price, cartridges are expensive
1	Superb Color Rendering, Sharp pictures, powerful yet easy to use
1	Easy to carry, just point and shoot
0	Unreliable signal, out of service, cut-off phone calls.
1	Great picture quality; simple to use
1	Very easy to use, inexpensive. Jam-packed with awesome features and games.
1	Incredibly fast black &amp; white printing.  VERY cheap for what you get.
0	lots of minutes per page with Mac OS/X
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
0	Battery Life, Price of headsets and other bluetooth equipment. 5mb of memory.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, compact
0	Higher priced
0	Poor reception, poor body casing durability
0	not web enabled like i need it anyway i have a pc
0	Not too many extras.
0	A bit too similar to the DSC-F1
1	Clear print quality, great color
0	Print feeder jams, slow printing, only one cartridge at a time.
1	Battery Life, Easy to operate.
0	I didn't find this printer sooner
0	small basket
1	Neat camera and video.
1	Perfect photo-quality output as good as a photo lab.  Very low initial cost.
0	options are not easy to get to, huge lag
1	price
1	Good quality printer
0	Could be better at picking up a signal.
0	reception was a little more troublesome than my old phone
0	Everything else
0	Weak flash, limited zoom
1	Ease of use, Compatability, high quality color for price paid
0	Freezes often, GSM technology not so "hot" everywhere.
1	Great Quality for the price
1	light & thin, read txt on outer lcd, music player cababilities, touch sensative keys
0	No integrated word processor, no Bluetooth, buggy Nokia O/S
0	battery hogger, but has rechargeable batteries included
0	When not using flash, shutter speed's too slow.
0	Wears out quickly.
0	No expandable memory. 
1	Screen, price, size, phone color, quality
0	No custom ringtones, average reception
0	none
1	Small, great zoom for a tiny digital. Clarity is amazing.
1	Good idea
0	Very Very Very difficult and annoying to use.
1	Easy to point and shoot on the factory settings.
0	a bit pricey, and not small
0	Ink cartridge runs out quickly and is expensive
0	Key lock unlocks when you get a call and slide switch on side is annoying.
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	lens, video mode, design, image quality
0	Wish it had an integrated lens cap
0	Consumed my batteries in no time
1	compact, inexpensive ink, turns into a scanner
1	Compact, light, easy to use
0	clarity, connectivity
1	It's pretty.
0	Monochrome display.  (it's 1.5 years old.. can't complain much about monochrome)
1	prints quietly and fast
0	Bad reception, not much memory.
0	Impossible to focus correctly, no flash, very fragile
0	Keypad construction, buggy software (time), can't change default text entry, many button presses required, "unintuitive"
0	Viewfinder functionality not so best in dark environments.
0	Aftermarket charger voided warranty
0	slow to focus
0	Cartridge management. Discontinued.
0	Plain looking, Indoor connection intermittent
0	Paper jams, slow
0	A lot of dead air time
0	No viewfinder
1	USB compatible.  Excellent, studio-quality pictures
0	can't keep the shutter open for more than 2 seconds, so if you're getting it for night shots, a different one may be more suitable
0	Startup loading takes too long... takes awhile to familiarize with all the features
0	Large (length and width), lengthy to learn, bluetooth incompatibility
1	Battery Life, Can save configuration (restore off) for quick shots.
0	price
0	about .5mb of internal memory, battery &amp; CF doors are hard to open/close
1	inexpensive
1	Easy to use, economical on battery-power.
0	$$$ Price
1	Does a lot
0	Price, accessory prices
0	Slow, very noisy, cheap construction, short ink life, better can be had for much less
0	Needs a lot of light
1	Ultra Zoom!
0	no auto focus, LCD display and controls awkward to use
1	Extremely lightweight, attractive, and durable. Adjustable height handlebar. One-handed folding.
1	easy to text or send pics to email or phone
1	Ruggedness, size, clarity,
1	Double side printing, quiet, fast
0	none
0	Vibrate/Ring function and screen
1	Small but big enough to hold in your hand
1	Easy to use, high quality
1	The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
1	Size, construction, feature set.
1	Rugged Body, Compact, Hi-Res, Manual options, great images w/practice, battery life
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
1	great camera for the money
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	hard to press the buttons.No bluetooth
1	Good for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software, 
1	looks, speed, fold up hoody-thing
1	Everything, nice design, compact, easy to learn the functions,...
0	shutter, horrible lens cap, and settings
1	Great features
1	Great pictures, TV Out, LCD, Smartmedia
0	Reverts to defaults every power-down, poor quality in less-than-optimal lighting
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
1	Incredible picture quality.  Long battery life
0	only gsm(for c331g) and can lose signal
0	Menu interface could be easier to use
0	slightly smaller than a standard 35mm camera, manual lens cap
0	compact size sometimes a problem, can have battery door problems
0	Price, fees, frequent white-screen-of-death, battery life.
1	Cheap
0	ink cost, noise (all problems common to inkjets)
1	Easy to Use, 60 Seconds of Video, Operates via Floppy Disk
0	We never use our 35 mm anymore.
0	Little bit of a learning curve, slightly expensive, no vibe+ring
0	Ericsson no longer makes funs making support and accessories hard to find
1	The print quality is great 
1	Good print
1	easy to handle, lighted buttons
1	Stunning text and graphics quality, very fast, cheap to buy, cheap to run
0	AC adaptor optional (and necessary!), small memory card, battery life average.
0	Durability, Ergonomics, Flat Keypad and Battery Life.
0	Lexmark support is rather poor.  Instruction booklet vague on certain topics.
1	It's small, lightweight and easy to carry. Good PDA funtions.
0	Motorola has horrible/no customer service
0	Lack of Stylus/Characher Recognition, Slow OS, Hokey Video Recorder
0	Will not record extremely faint point sources which are readily visible to the human eye.
1	Good build quality,great size, easy to use, good outdoor picts
1	Looks pretty good...
1	works well with an inexpensive Plantronics headset (M110)
0	3 point seatbelt, seats a bit narrow, baskets very small 
1	Great, light, affordable!
1	Quiet &amp; quick; versatile
1	Motorola i90c for Nextel is cheaper with same body style and more useful features
0	Slow
0	red eye, battery consumption
0	Continually Powered
1	price and print quality
0	Slightly slower than the more expensive models
1	Small, Small, Small
0	Focusing problems using Flash - 2x zoom lens
1	Nearly Jam-Free, nearly problem-free, fast, ultra-reliable, great print quality
1	Cool looking
0	can't have vibrate and ringer on at the same time
1	Excellent Print Quality!
0	no color screen, which isn't really bad
1	Small size.  Easy to use.  Use of Smartmedia cards for photo storage.
1	cheap, Compaq does honor the warranties
1	User friendly
0	battery life is a little short...
1	color
1	Awesome quality; quite fast; not so noisy 
0	paper loading is difficult
0	There are better printers out there but they will be hard to find.
0	Does not work. Very tipical of canon products. 
0	None
1	It fits in my pocket.
0	a little bulky, a bit pricey if you get it full-price, downloads aren't all free
0	Very Slow; Expensive ink; Jams, but rarely.
0	Weak reception, needs frequent recharging and rather boring.
0	phone cracks, battery life stinks
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	Pricey cartridge refills. 
0	Tricky shape to squeeze against shoulder, no vibrate option. &#13;&#10;
0	horrible results
1	sharp-clear printing/ super quiet.  easy to set-up
0	Very slow to warm up. Slow to initialize prior to printing. Noisy printer
0	long term reliability unknown,
1	Four MegaPixels, excellent 3X Nikkor Zoom, PointnShoot simplicity, and price, 
0	have not found any yet
1	No pros
0	Slow Reaction Time, Voice Recognition
1	Truly compact, 3.2 MP, Excellent video capture, Solid construction
0	Doesn't ring loud enough
0	Screen problems.  Don't get this phone.
1	narrow, easy to get through doors and aisles
0	price
0	Ugly Case that cost extra.&#13;&#10;No expansion module slot.
0	no auto-shut off, single feed for envelopes
1	Low price.
1	4 mega pixel, excellent quality, excellent battery life
1	The EOS D30 comes loaded with high features found on more expensive cameras.
0	Chintzy Optical Viewfinder, Build Quality, Poor Ergonomics
0	Wish it was 3.3 megapixels , some noise in low light situations.
1	incredible image quality, big (32mb!) compactflash card
0	Poor Quality
0	Doesn't switch from digital to analog well.
1	currently free (with activation) from T-mobile; includes camera attachment
1	Very good quality prints
0	could be faster, S-H-A-K-Y
1	NONE
1	No comment
0	Colour screen is v. low resolution (101x80) and only 256 colours so can appear liney.
0	Bluetooth not so convenient sometimes, MP3 Player memory is a joke.
0	Price was a bit steep, and only comes with a 16mb card.
0	Somewhat delicate, not given rechargeable batteries (as provided with some of the Fuji FinePix models)
1	Features, Size, Styling, Reception
1	Looks awesome, small, light.
0	Would have been nice to have an adapter included.
1	Very easy to learn, and use. Pictures are excellent quality for sending over the internet.
0	awkward to hold, no b/w mode
0	Long lag time from when you press button to when it takes picture
1	The camera &amp; software are very easy to use! Better than expected picture quality!
0	battery, probably standard AA batteries would make it more versatile
1	Cost &amp;amp; Quality
1	lightweight, easy to handle, sharp looking, comfortable to talk on
0	slow processing, cannot use the multiple shot feature
1	use to e-mail photos, no film!,view on tv 
0	Not very reliable, No Flash, the driver cd doesn't work
1	Colored screen, built in camera, looks elegant, tri-band and MMS capable
1	Low cost
1	small size,ease of use,clear reception,color screen,
0	Not PHOTO quality
1	Great Pictures, Awesome Flash, Small size, Easy to use, Inexpensive
1	Easy to use, great pictures, great size
1	Size, Battery Life, Battery compatible with Sony Camcorders, Picture quality and Manual Settings
1	it's a take anywhere kind of camera
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use. a good beginner camera.
0	For some people the printer's size may be an issue
1	Fast printing. Extremely useful. No more trips to Kinkos! Mac-friendly.
1	Great price for features
1	cheap!  It's ink tanks are huge! Great photo-quality
1	Good buy, good performance
0	Bad reception,low ringer,ugly interface,very low on options
1	My Canon 600 and 610 were good.
0	no provision for filters
0	what's not to like?
1	Nice compact design. Great sound quality.
0	New technology sometimes needs to work out the kinks
0	Short battery life, small storage
0	Poor engineering. Lacks some important features, others don't work right.
0	feels more like a toy
1	Lightweight stylish phone that uses same accessories as 6162 model
1	Simultaneous Alarm Clock, text friendly, handy, all weather proof etc.
0	none!
0	none at all!
0	Inablity to change alert profiles with phone closed, color screen eats battery life
1	Beautiful pictures, long battery life, easy to use, Canon quality
1	QWERT keyboard, fits like a pager, many options and voice control commnads
1	Easy to use/setup, separate black &amp;amp; color cartridges, handles heavier paper
0	Small 8MB CF card, newer A40 has more features at a similar price
0	a little heavy, newer and lighter models out there now
1	Large Clear Screen. Can Share Address book with MS Outlook
0	Uses batteries
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	Short battery life, Connection problems
1	withstands abuse, reception excellent, fits in pocket, loud ring, easy-to-use, excellent voice-pick-up,
0	no USB
0	LCD visibility in bright sunshine
1	Very good reception and battery life
0	not a color printer
0	Still an overall large camera with a so-so battery life.
0	Controls could be simpler, could have USB instead of serial
1	Good phone, very compact
1	Small, clear and lightweight!
1	Great Value for the Price
0	Slightly Awkward User Interface
0	Noisy. Slow. Expensive to run. Software problems galore. 
0	two-handed release to fold
0	no auto timer
1	Small size, great resolution, great color, very portable. Both manual and auto modes.
1	Good features when it worked
1	Individual ink cartridges, speed, nice black text print, parallel port
1	Nice colour printing
1	easy, clear, hi-res, mini-video camera too
0	none...except that it's expensive, but it's worth the money
1	Price level, full manual control, very powerful flash
1	Great service,Great customer service,Low cost phone
0	2X Zoom
1	lightweight, sturdy, removable front bar, back stand bar, full featured
0	Symbian OS 7.0, Memory Stick Duo, No QWERTY Keyboard
1	Easy to use, good back light, sounds great!
1	Very nice output. Quiet. Paper feed works well. Full-duplex.
0	none
1	Affordable
1	Ink Pouches
0	Plastic housing could be more solid feeling
1	Good Quality, reasonable price
1	Cheap, excellent print quality for text and photos!, borderless prints, low profile
1	Great zoom, amazing battery, easy interface, lots of features.
1	Price, reception and call quality, simple phone, candy bar.
0	Processor is underpowered. Short battery life.
1	Small size, nice lens, nice accessories
0	It has tipped over on occasion, only once with baby inside!
0	none....i guess the price
0	Ink could last longer.  Didn't work with my old Windows95 machine (133mghz).
1	Easy to use, Video and sound function, and Good picture quality 
1	First and best mobile phone i ever owned
1	Super-small, fabulous pictures, portable, efficient storage, pro-features
0	I haven't had any reason to complain yet!
0	None!
0	The basics: reception, battery, and the ability to work
0	Buckle difficult to release; basket hard to access when stroller seat is reclined
0	Macintosh LocalTalk needs an optional interface card.  Some information only in electronic version of the manual.
0	Nothing at all
0	Slow, low resolution printing
1	Print quality, Initial cost, Ease of operation
0	You won't get to collect those nice little cans that 35mm film came in.
0	Instruction manual not on target for start up
0	Price. You'll get it back in savings made on refilling the ink. :)
1	Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
0	small screen size; slow remote syncs
1	Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
0	slow and loud
0	none
1	fast, durable, easy to use
1	Great quality of pictures for a 2.0 mega pixel camera
1	Great Display, Speakerphone,Camera a plus
1	Price
1	Small, lightweight, lots of extras found on more expensive cameras.
1	FinePix is right on the money
1	Awesome Camera.  Lots of extras. Great Pictures and movies. 
0	Eats up regular AA batteries that are included. Better off with your own rechargeables.
0	The Phone! No Bluetooth. "Camera"
1	You can get one for cheap now with a mail-in rebate.
0	low grade pictures, confusing menus, expensive
0	Can't print a lot of graphics; customer service isn't great.
1	Price into free fall,cheap if you can find one. A really good cell phone.
0	Poor quality in almost every aspect, Not available in USB version
1	samll foot print, low initial price
0	battery life terrible, cheep junk
0	Hard to find due to demand.
0	no optical zoom, no carrying case, software included is not the best
0	battery life is mediocre
1	it works for 8-12 months
0	Flimsy, poor reception, hard to read.
0	Didn't buy it sooner.
0	Had to buy a bigger Compact Flash Card
1	Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
0	No AC input except through docking station.  Kodak software is 'klunky' with Win98.
1	Great Quality Pictures, Mini Movie Feature
1	Great pictures
1	Ease of use, options, comfort on the eyes
1	Very light and narrow.  Extremely easy to get through narrow aisles.
0	Buttons are tiny. Easy to make unintended calls.
0	No Speakerphone
0	Too large
1	Size, Shape, Smell, Taste, Feel
0	small ink cartrige
0	Display and keypad can be hard to see because of glare and reflections
0	not a flip phone
0	No vibrating alert
1	lightweight, affordable
1	Great sound, sturdy, affordable, and small
0	No cable.
1	LCD Display, size
0	No cable included
0	No macro mode, no optical zoom, touchy joystick control, 
1	Outstanding picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Reasonable price
0	No ability to change Lenses
0	high price
0	some difficulty installing for ME, difficult finding cartridges
0	can't download ringtones yet but should be able to soon
1	Great value to price, quality, speed, reliability
0	Pricey ink
0	Slower, noisy, expensive.
1	Fast, Cheap with Beautiful Color
0	Feeder tray rests on ground when folded
0	Bluetooth range isvery limited, almost all bluetooth users agree, this phone is bluetooth worthless (almost)
1	Inexpensive phone with some features. Refer a friend and get 100 Free Minutes.
0	manual too small, flimsy USB cover, fragile telephoto switch, 
0	Fragile. Not Built for life. LCD screens die. No recurring alarms.
1	Neat, fresh new design. Light and portable. Colour Screen.
1	stated elsewhere
0	Same limitations as any other point and shoot camera.  Need to buy bigger memory card.
1	Fast to download pictures into your computer
1	stylish, light, great camera (when it works)
1	Light, Small, Inexpensive
1	Easy to operate, plug n play.
1	High quality images. Durable!
1	Camera is not bad...takes adequate SHORT videos...sufficient talk time.
1	12 mb memory(8+4), 3x zoom, spiffy sunlit LCD, good battery life, smooth LCD function
0	Ink cartridges are expensive
1	Great options, built strong, pleasing look, good clarity.
0	Slow, Loud, did I say Slow???
1	Fast zoom, autofocus, progress indicator on-screen.
0	Large blow-ups show pixels
1	Light, nice screen colors, easy to use, nice tones.
0	LCD screens only have a six month lifespan, ringtones are quite sketchy
1	Fast, large high-quality prints, easy to install on a Mac system
1	superior low light shooting, flexible LCD screen, Hotshoe on camera, faster focus, ease of use, battery life and all necessary items included in purchase price
0	battery hungry, 8 second wait between pix
0	somewhat bulky design
0	Almost too fast.  Occasionally feeds paper wrong.
1	Prints the next best thing to picture perfect with clearly defined lines and fantastic colors.
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
1	Durability, Big Screen, Bluetooth, Infrared to many too list!
0	Bad quality, slow
0	large size
0	Paper Handling could be better.
1	Simple perfection
1	Light weight, "cool factor", easy user interface, sound quality
0	Somewhat difficult to learn to program
0	Case is slightly chinsey
1	real easy to use
0	Camera not perfect, battery life is good, but not great, is slow at times
0	Understating the User Guide
1	The best of all digital cameras.
0	Haven't found any yet!
1	Good form factor, display bright and clear,
1	Tiny, tiny, tiny and wonderful pictures!
1	Ease of use, gootd picture quality
0	None
0	Short Battery Life, Long-Run Performance
1	cheap, light, small
1	great print quality, great price
1	Quality text display
1	WOW!Great quality pictures!
0	Ugly pictures, no video, crummy battery, weirdly yellowing buttons, can't download or text message
1	Low Price, Excellent image, reliable
1	It does have some pretty cool games ;-)
1	Free, looks cool, alot of features
0	slow to start printing, paper tray drops paper
1	Sweet Camera, Nice Features
1	Easy to use.  Great pictures for the price!
1	Point and shoot, some nice quality 1.3 megapixels
0	Limited manual controls, no TIFF format, weak flash, expensive
0	Screen visibility, Ringer volume, Signal strength
1	Speed, great outdoor pictures.
1	Good size  and battery life easy to use&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;full featured
0	Rear feed, absence of "no border" printing, paper tray is clumsy (marginal complaint)
0	Color ink prints low quality images.
1	disk size, ease of use, longevity
0	NOt an all purpose but who cares?
1	Great build quality, unique call-screening feature, easy animated menu, sharp display & very customizable.
1	Good features for the price
1	Inexpensive, high quality, features
0	No WAP access
0	Slow transmition from camera to pc. Low batery life (use rechargabes)
1	Thin, light, ease of use, easy to read screen, great keypad, fast battery recharge
0	Flash distance, poor results in room light
0	No legrest, basket hard to get to when seat fully reclined.
1	Lightweight, Pop off faces, Infra-red
1	Color screen, wireless web
1	great quality and speed, good consumable value
1	Clear connection, long battery life, attractive.
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
0	Too small for big hands, Short talk time, No Speakerphone, quiet ringer...
1	Tri-mode
1	Clear, color true, versatile.
0	Multiple Sending at the same time has problems
0	Either/Or ink cartridge system
1	http://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2  
0	None so far for me
1	walkie talkie,games,easy to use,sleek and shiny:)
0	Wish controls were in front
1	color screens, individual ringtones, several #'s per entry
1	Easy of use and quality
0	I'll let you know.
1	easy to use, sensitive, full keyboard
0	Expensive for the additional accessories.
0	Headset fails easily, limited availability of accessories.
1	Floppy disks
0	Ink cartridges are too small
0	The worst of all digital cameras in 3.3 Megapixel
0	No OEM installed hands-free accessory.
1	Small size
0	Upgradeability
1	Easy to learn &amp; use; Decent battery life; Light weight
1	Small, lightweight, easy installation, inexpensive
1	A delight to push, easy to travel and store away.
0	steering
1	Can handle some abuse, large buttons
0	EVERYTHING! dark pictures, blurry images, cheap
0	Not fast enough for a business
1	No monthly contracts
0	No optical viewfinder, batteries are pricey and proprietary.
0	menu driven
1	Great quality print, Prints on any weight of paper, dependable
1	More options than I will ever use, easy to use.
0	Floppy media means moving parts, price
1	Size, Performance, Quality of print
1	It came free with the service
1	Floppy drive; easy of use; loaded with options
1	Value
1	Portable, nice in service range
1	Prints nicely when it prints.
1	Good price, Excellent photo quality, Excellent Value
1	User documentation, durability
0	Noisy, A bit large
1	cheap and small
0	Movie has no sound.
0	High price
0	Very few--only outdated by newer technology
1	inexpensive
0	battery life, flimsy rubber port cover 
0	too many errors
0	Awful battery life, nextel reception, no notes
0	Does not include print cable.
1	PRICE BREAK because the Pro70 is not cutting edge. Microdrive ready.
1	Great reception, good size and weight, plenty of useful features
1	economical and easy to use
0	Not smart enough to include a few gaskets to keep it dry.
1	Nice print. 
0	expensive
0	no usb cable included, need canon papers for best results
1	Small size, light weight, good battery life, lots of features.
1	stylish, convenient to carry, large display, lots of features, sturdy build
0	display, menus, no games preloaded, no units converter, volume controls, speakerphone.
1	Great quality pics. Very easy to use.  No mistakes
1	It's tiny
1	durability and comfort
1	Easy to see screen, sturdy build, solid reception.
0	NC 3 software,camera underexposes
1	Nice print quality, easy to install
0	Low number of pictures available on high setting
0	Slower than photo printers and cannot do edge to edge printing.
0	expensive cartrages
0	Write time is a little slow.  Lower resolution are distorted. 
0	Availability
0	No zoom, battery eater
1	Cheap, Light As A Cloud
0	None
0	No good for 8x10 prints, no USB connection,  
1	Great deal at Cingular; lightweight and easy to use.
1	Quick, Handy, Lightweight
0	It is big.
0	eats batteries, tri-pod mount
0	Battery Life, 8MB Compact Flash, 
1	Photo-like quality, good ink prices
0	GSM coverage, tricky stick, software
1	easy to set up
1	Kodak name, Price, easey to use
0	But it uses the battery!
1	It does almost everything!  Maybe even help pay the rent. ;D
0	battery is fast empty
1	Comes with 2 cartridges, uses color and black simultaneously, USB port for macs and PC
1	appearance and design, Bluetooth capability, speakerphone, brilliant display
0	Not what is lives up to be
0	No phone handset
0	difficulty changing flash options
0	Very poor earpiece volume, poor battery life
0	I need a bigger desk
1	Amazing picture, great lens, supplied battery, charger, numerous options
1	features and price
0	small basket
0	None yet
0	IBM Microdrive NOT recommended; somewhat dim viewfinder, 1 AF sensor, vertical grip could be better; more shadow noise than some other top-notch digicams
1	good quality phone with plenty of features
1	Fast, surprisingly good photo printing, quiet
0	Poor sound quality (On both ends)
1	Excellent Print Quality,Faster then most printers in this price range
0	a bit expensive, as just released,
1	Color output great, easy to use, installs in minutes
1	Performance, Ease of use, Memory storage
0	Flash can tend to drown out picture subjects (very strong!)
0	16MB CompactFlash Card is too small!
0	waste space.
1	Fast burst photo mode
1	Cost, HP name, works well until it breaks
1	Small, Light, Easy to use, Excellent Reception
0	VERY NOISY!, B&amp;W ink cartridge emptied quickly, setup not as easy as others
1	Small, good battery life, intuitive to use.
0	Plain, may have problem with slanted text
1	Great color, long lasting toner
0	poorly designed function index
1	Beautiful picture quality, great on batteries and an EXCELLENT cam for the price!
1	easy to use, low price, decent quality
0	slow shutter.
0	none
1	Text clarity, speed, affordability, size
1	great picture quality, awesom features!!!!
1	The Zoom!!! The features galore. 
1	Great Service, very Colorful, decent battery life for a phone, many features
1	Slim design
0	software reliability, price
0	Poor Interface. Unacceptable Locking Issue.
1	great quality
0	Constant disc errors-lost photos, large clumsy camera, poorly positioned buttons, bad for active photographers
1	Ease of Use, Picture Quality
1	Solid construction, excellent image quality, very easy to use
0	Lacks a zoom lens.
0	no usb cable in the box
0	A little larger than some non-flip phones; a little longer start-up time.
1	talk without holding phone
0	Annoying green light in Viewer window.
0	EVERYTHING ELSE
1	Jewel-like beauty will impress you and your friends.  You can take it anywhere.
0	regular paper printing
1	Every feature a power user may want.
0	Lens cover tricky to close, need to buy accessories
0	Slow, poor printout quality, expensive cartridges that don't last long
1	Too many to list
0	No optical zoom, digital zoom makes for poor quality images, short battery life.
0	The wheels get stuck sometimes when you try to fold it up.
1	3/5 inch floppy
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	printer refill expensive
0	Not the greatest walking stroller.
1	Price, voice dialing, reception
1	Superior Camera
1	It cannot be any easier to use.  Good photo quality for price range.
1	great battery life, hidden antenna, great camera, light, low price
0	Reception in rural areas can be sketchy
1	Small, easy to use
1	Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
0	Small buttons.
0	Toner cartridges are expensive
1	Great shots, ultra-small, aluminum body
1	Fast, Impecable Quality
0	a little bulky, LCD panel is hard to see under bright conditions
1	photographs, speed
1	- Speed, - Instant dry ink, - separate big ink tanks, - BRILLIANT photo prints
1	Good Print Speed, nice quility, clean text and picture, price,
1	Great size and great display.
1	Very good scanner, printer and card reader
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	couldn't find any
1	Ease of use, photo quality, don't need a computer
1	everything
0	Expensive accessories
1	Nice design, solid functionality, supports CF I and II cards.
0	none so far
1	Easy to use, quality
0	small memory
1	Twistable case, crisp image
1	reversible handle, 4 locking wheels, bootie for cold weather
0	The ... printing feature, the cartridges, and it doesn't work anymore.
1	Positions, Beauty, Functions
1	Love the price I got it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
0	Limited Supply
0	constantly runs out of battery power
0	small control wheel, image quality control
0	No voice dial, I really miss that . . .
1	An ideal printer for the traveller and so easy to use
0	Durability
0	Doesn't recline all the way for baby&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Push handle too low for tall people.
1	Small size, nice big screen, capacity to hold many numbers.
0	Mine didn't come with case, but that's the only complaint
0	Viewfinder only shows 80 per cent of the picture area 
0	Frequent clogging, software so-so
0	Can be a little "too" small for big hands
1	Compact size and extremely easy to use.
0	Paper jams if paper tray blocked
0	unreliable, documentation is not user-friendly, Samsung is not much help if there is a problem
1	small, nice color screen
1	Flat, flips open. Voice activated calling. Text messages.
0	High Cost Catridges
0	expensive, smallish basket, average size canopy
0	Size, thick. Bad reproduction of actual colors! Lag time, press button, and wait. PC software.
1	Easy to use, USB capable
0	Non-refillable cartridges
0	everything
0	tiny, cheap viewfinder; clunky software with no Adobe PS plugin for raw files
1	Great Photo Quality
0	no camera,a bit lacking on colour display(only 4096).
0	Price, Color, PC Cable sold separately,
0	Not the fastest.But thats all.
0	A few trivial problems
0	None 
0	poor pictures in low light, slow shutter speed, 2.3 megapixel
1	At least there is a rebate in case you already bought it!
0	Nothing that matters! Audio quality not great, but that's likely true for most digicams.
1	Cool design, IR port, solid address book UI, and long standard battery life.
0	size of screen for the farsighted
1	Good picture quality; compact
0	Stroller is kind of heavy.
1	Size
0	Cheaply made. Dies after 2 weeks. Too hot to hold after 10 minutes
0	The software was impossible to use with Windows 2000.
1	easy to use
0	Nothing as of yet
0	a bit expensive, memory cards fill up fast
1	Inexpensive, very sturdy construction, USB card reader included.
1	Solid design, excellent ergonomics, extremely easy to transition out of film photography.
0	Very slow speed for landscape oriented documents.
1	Size, Picture Quality, Price
1	Small, lightweight, silent allert.
0	poor sound, poor speakerphone, easily scratches, speed dial, unraised keys
0	small document tray
0	Did not work with my iMac.
0	Battery life &amp; HP Support
0	size
1	Cost. Reliable. OS 10.2 and Linux support. Fantastic!
1	Great control over color, contrast, and exposure; Hot shoe, Continuous-drive mode
0	none
1	Small size, extremely sleek and cool, hi tech
1	Stylish, long battery life at first, semi durable, now has second generation
1	fast, great color pics, quiet.....
0	Can't print graphics or clipart
0	Bad reception and VERY poor sound quality
0	More $$ than the cheapo brands
0	Doesn't do the advertised stand-by time
0	Not many extra features and may be too simple for the people who love gadgets
1	good quality pictures
0	Voice quality patchy, Web service very patchy
1	fabulous prints
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	Beautiful output
1	Inexpensive, Great Print Quality on Plain Paper, Fast, AND Quiet
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
1	Excellent quality. Good settings/functions for the common user.
1	Several features
0	Top-loading paper feed.
0	Noisy
1	Quality Photo production, easy software, versatility and innovative!
0	Buying the docking port is how you share pics.
0	Has flaws which are made worse by bad service policy.
1	Great Zoom Range (10X), Loaded with features, Image sharpnesss
1	Light, compact, feature rich, good battery life and intuitive design.
0	Red Eye, 4 MB card, and battery drainage.
0	Clunky and large but well worth it.
1	It's faster than the one I replaced.
0	Somewhat slow auto-focusing and recharge times
0	it's tiny. no USB cable or software in the box.  the included games are weak.
1	Light stylish and easy to use.
1	Great price, good quality
0	batteries,4 mb mediacard, usb connection
1	Small size.
1	Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
1	Small,Good Battery life
1	reliability, service, coverage, signal strength, affordability
1	Takes good photos of rats.
0	Battery life, Must read manual, Must remove lens cap, Small 8MB memory card.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;      supplied
0	wewweefc
0	doesn't work well in network environments
0	Paper became aligned slightly incorrectly often, sometimes smeared/
0	what good is a warranty?
1	Strongest Signal of any Sprint phone!
0	The printer has problems with the right ink cartridge.
1	small, convenient, sleek, very good picture quality, 2.3 megapixels
0	Time update issues, small buttons, talk-time battery life, speakerphone bugs, Verizon blocks
0	Did not come with an ac adapter
1	Size, Price, Voice Dialing, Use Everywhere
0	Defaults to color for copying
1	Nice all-in-one package; Great features
0	Low battery life, not very durable, lack of accessories
1	Very Clear, Large Phone Book, Lots of Ring Tones, Online Capablitity
0	Might be too small
0	Slow to take a picture at times
1	Ease of use, size, great pictures, cool design
1	Print Quality
0	Not much
0	High initial cost, stupid out tray
0	Uses tons of ink and needs constant head cleaning
1	Speedy, quiet, versatile
0	none that I can find
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
1	Long battery life.
0	Kind of big as cell phones go.
0	voice activation is very sensitive you must speak EXACTLY the same as you recorded.
1	Low price
1	Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
0	no direct camera USB port to connect to PC
0	Turns itself off.  Poor reception.
0	not really any
1	Best reception of any vision phone
1	Long Lasting Photo-Ink, Cheaper Black Cartridge, 4800X1200 Resolution.
1	USB, 1900 res, User Adjustable Features, 2x Zoom, 
1	Color screen is excellent
1	Comfortable design, big buttons, small and light
1	All in one features
0	sound was not so good
0	Difficult to cradle on shoulder
1	Easy to use, great first digital camera
1	It makes a good door stop
1	inexpensive
1	Nice screen, okay reception, very small phone.
1	Very lightweight and compact, comfortable, turns easily even when heavy.  
0	Plastic battery hatch breaks; Features difficult to navigate; only 2 aperture settings; 
1	easy to use; X3 optical zoom; good quality for 2.0 mega pixel cam
0	Few USABLE extras, boxy/bulky, few SMART/multimedia features
0	Basic menus, no color, may be expensive without cell plan.
1	2way radio,regular phone features ,size,durability,legibility.
0	Can only hold so many options, the software is lacking in options
0	Lousy display that sometimes fails
0	colors are distorted
1	Awesome pictures, ease of use and wonderful features.
0	Consumable costs / no sheet feeder for A3
1	Great quality, low price, easy setup
1	Price, reliability, ease of setup
1	Slim design is comfortable to hold; I LOVE the blue backlighting!
1	easy to scroll through pictures
1	good color copies, fast black &amp; white printing
0	battery-life short, phone breaks easily, signal strength horrible, everything about this phone sucks!
1	Compact and Lightweight
0	Shutter delay, battery life
0	It doesn't fax!
1	Great phone with superior battery life
1	IT'S GREAT.
0	Does not fit well in case, difficult to remove car recharger socket cover
1	MP3 player, video camera, remote
0	LCD could be placed differently.
1	attractive detatchable face plates, clear calls, compact size, nice price
1	Great price.  Very easy to use.
0	Cartridges are somewhat pricey but last a good while
1	Very portable, rugged, great "photo stitch" software.
0	2 .5x zoom, expensive compact flash memory, and a little pricey
1	Great for picture printing! Individual ink cartridges!
0	Poor for close-up shots
1	Great output, reasonable operating costs
1	Clear, sharp text printing in black ink and reasonably priced.
0	Battery door is cheap plastic.  Cannot see LCD in Light
0	Cost, battery life.
0	Slow serial interface, LCD hard to see in bright light.
0	NONE
1	compact, easy to use
0	Relatively high price, considering I paid more for this camera than most of my computers, but WORTH IT!
1	Price
1	fashionable,cute,beautiful ring
0	Hard on batteries
0	Battery life is very short
0	The Cost Of Ink Is A Little Below Average
0	Uses up batteries power very quickly, doesn't always take clear pictures
1	Good camera, speaker phone and voice recognition software are a plus.
1	Small, light, long battery life.
0	Batteries take about 8 hours to charge.
1	inexpensive, good quality printer
0	Limited Features
1	Small and compact, easy to use, face plate changeable
1	Great print quality
1	Price, Low Warm Up Time, Support
1	Comes with all the accessories to make it work out of the box.
0	Slow focusing for sports, Noise Reduction takes control away
0	doesn't ship with case
0	NONE!!!
1	lightweight, durability, easily closes and opens, comfortable, attractive, many nice features
0	basket
0	Relatively short battery life
1	Comes with software, good price, excellent pictures.
1	Endless battery life, nice feel, plenty of features and great resolution
1	Ease of use, Quality, Falling Price, Zoom
0	Zoom could be better
1	Great reception and lots of features, Battery lasts a long time. Easy to use.
1	great for kids and small printer jobs
0	Battery Life
1	Great Price, Great Design, Durable, Small
0	It doesnt have bluetooth and I would prefer a better quality perhaps metal casing.
0	Features (read Internet) require extra fees.
1	good value, nice price, works good, 
1	Quality of pics, size, weight
0	The paper manual is apparently written by someone who has never used the phone.
1	it is a digital camera, with lcd display and many cool options
0	Battery life, range, screen size
1	A work horse, at a fair price...
0	I got what I paid for.
0	pricey
0	battery life suffers with regular alkaline batteries
0	not the fastest 
1	Photo bliss. Extremely easy, many control options, high end features at a rock bottom price.
0	small basket
0	Size, Hard to open, Volume, Antennae
0	Need the cash to spend on it
0	If you have an old computer you'll need to special order the parallel adapter.
1	fast printing, high dpi, sharp images
1	Cheap
1	small size, sleek design, battery life, intuitive user interface, USB interface.
1	cost, resolution
1	Big screen
0	Battery life
1	Easy to use, good photo quality, small in size
0	2X OPTICAL, BATTERY LIFE
1	All metal body, compact size, easy to use - and 5 megapixel quality
1	decent photos
0	Dropped Calls, Bad Battery Life
0	Battery seems to run out pretty quickly.
0	Not So Easy To Use
1	"Cool" factor, Bluetooth, Voice activation, Fantastic battery life
1	Sleek looking, within most budgets, great usability
0	Images taken using the flash
1	High resolution pics great for printing.
1	Fast,Easy to use
1	Super easy to use
0	Price is too High!
1	Easy to use, great results...a perfect first digital camera
1	HANDY AND YOU CAN USE IT ALMOST ANYWHERE
1	Great battery life, Small, Light-weight, Good reception/signal
0	proprietary battery, learning curve, doesn't handle low light situations well.
0	larger  footprint than some printers
1	Compact, high resolution (4.1MP   Zeiss lens), excellent battery life, good LSD, generally user friendly
0	Check the battery for the performance &amp; then buy it
0	I don't have any!
1	Speakerphone, lightweight, great battery life w/ monitoring
0	Battery Life
0	ring tones are annoying.  does not have very many features.
0	No MMS or coloured screen, memory may be lacking for some, monophonic.
1	Easy setup and operation
1	Excellent photos, great software included with 618xi
0	Lower photo printing quality without the photo kit.
1	Motorola always produces solid well built products...but...
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
0	slow printing, so so print quality
1	Fabulous Color Screen, Incredible Size, Ergonomic, and Better Battery Life.
1	Great reception, internet capable, Size,
0	Speakerphone doesn't turn up loud enough and gets garbled.
1	Good LCD, MPEG capabilities
0	No black ink, must be purchased seperately. No USB2.0 cable included, must be purchased seperately.
1	Large interior screen, size, QWERTY keyboard
1	ease of use, convenience
1	Easy to use
1	Excellent Print Quality, Improved Print Drivers, USB and parallel ports
0	Motorola will not honor warranty, and in our case caused further damage.
1	easy installation, works first time
0	Pathetic ring tones, not as user friendly as I would like
0	as with any merged products there are some compromises
0	Have not found one yet
1	Great resolution, simple to use
0	Battery life is definitely sufficient, yet not exceptional.
1	Amazing signal strength, Nice LCD and easy BT pairing.
0	Paper bin only holds 150 sheets, slow printing at best quality, HEAVY (13 lbs., 15 with the 2-sided printer add-on), shakes my stand, no method of preview for the CompactFlash or SmartMedia cards, Windows required to use many of the special features (two-s
0	speaker tends to have too much treble & hurts my ear
0	None
0	very short battery life
1	Easy to use and lightweight
0	Nasty overall lag - No Focus Assist - Lousy Flash Card support
0	Image quality is so-so. No flash.
0	Reception, UI, irritating "gamey" features
1	Big screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
0	photo printing issues--colors not always good
1	A lot to like in every respect...state of the art.
0	Makes a mess of the ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
1	Photo Quality. Ease Of Menus. Features!
1	Inexpensive, fantastic text and color graphic quality
1	USB Support, cheap price up front...
0	batteries run out quickly
1	Just about everything- quality, result, ease of use, looks.
0	None yet, though it has dropped a few calls. That's Verizon, not the phone.
0	Noseprints on LCD viewer
1	Durable, Great looking prints, relatively inexpensive, Good optics
0	Lighting needs to be perfect, somewhat blurry
1	Solid hardware, good software
1	Great optics and user interface
1	Great Price, Average Picture Quality, Relatively small, USB Connectivity, 4MB Memory
0	Battery saver feature shuts off LCD too soon, battery life , electronic viewfinder
1	fast, silent, nice design
1	Cool design, great features
1	A great deal; upgradrable and reasonably priced.
0	NO VIDEO-OUT!!!
0	Battery life is not long enough. The camera is really cheesy.
0	toddler not restrained enough
0	shutter delay after pushing the button
1	Cool look, Bluetooth, global phone
1	Very good picture quality, versatile autofocus.
1	great value at a low price
0	Pricey, comes with no accessories.
0	*Short battery life .&#13;&#10;*Can save only three messages .&#13;&#10;*Poor clarity voice .&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
0	small basket
1	Separate ink cartridges, great color quality, quiet printing, many options, user-friendly
1	Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
0	cheap carry strap, short battery life, no 12 volt adapter
0	slow to save image, Polaroid
0	None!
0	drinks ink, average results at best
1	Small size, great features, and awesome pictures
0	Dismal battery life, images too soft, poor CCD sensitivity, no RAW export
0	Possible high costs for replacement ink cartridges(cost &amp;amp; frequency ??)
1	it works, it's cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
0	size, some wierdness with switching between phone and Palm modes
1	Great quality, easy to use, good software, great price.
1	It folds in half
0	Battery life is decent at best. Phones width is annoying.
1	comprehensive features
0	The phone lacks ergonomics and you end up hunting for the controls.
1	Prints on large paper, good quality color, fast, reliable
1	large paper tray, fast and crisp output
0	Can't set progressive volume rings, no picture caller ID, no voice activated dialing.
1	Car seat is excellent, very sturdy, stroller works well for a baby.
0	none I can think of
1	takes floppy disc and is easy to use.
0	trigger-delay, weight, no zoom
0	batteries won't hold a charge
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
0	Scrathes Easy
1	Photo print quality, photo print longevity, design
1	Zoom, flash options, rapid shooting mode
1	Good pictures!
1	Great price, good pictures, easy set up
1	Feature rich
0	unreliable reception, weak battery
1	Quick to print
1	easy to use, full of features, color screen, inexpensive, camera
0	paper misfeeds, driver freezes, difficult ink cartridge loading
0	I've had all kinds of hardware problems.
0	small memory card
1	User Interface; color screen; blue keys
1	Compact and very durable.  Quality of pictures are pretty good.  Nice screen to view pictures.
1	small, excellent picture quality
0	Short battery life
0	slow sometimes with larger jobs..and tends to have skips in lines
0	Consumes batteries like an orbiting satellite... I'm sure.
0	buggy, inconsistent performance
1	Simple basic phone, lightweight and thin, inexpensive
1	Image Quality, USB Connection, Price
1	perfectly portable
0	Ring tone and alerts could be louder
1	35mm quality prints, fast and quiet, reliable.
0	No color screen, screen size small, a little bit heavy and bulky.
1	Compact self-enclosed design, long bettery life, can achieve great photo-quality. 
1	can't say without installing
1	Fast,Great Photos,Inexpensive to use,Sturdy
0	No rechargeable batteries &amp; the SmartMedia card is too small!
0	low light focus, $$ battery,no AC, a bit $$$
0	Battery takes 3 hours to charge.
0	Horrible engineering of UI/OS
1	brand,service, function,flash,software,colour,Memory Stick,
1	Looks great, plus it's not too costly!
1	Beautiful look, easy navigation, slim
0	Bulky, price
1	Features
0	Slow download without separate drive
0	Expensive - according to R.S.P.
1	none
1	Great color
1	good price for a camera with zoom
1	Polaroid reputation, price
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of options to play with.
0	Battery charge indicator not very useful.
0	See above
0	no clock
1	Easy to use. 
0	Buttons rattle a bit, only available through Cingular so AT&T customers are out of luck
1	Printing quality, USB and serial connectors, ink meter, borderless prints while it lasts.
1	Good picture quality for the price of camera.  Plenty of features.
0	image quality, color is disgusting
0	Big.  Only available in yucky dark blue colour.
0	not much, batteries drain faster than my v60...b/c of the color LCDs
1	Gorgeous output, quiet, roll paper ability, tech support, fade-resist
1	Nice slim design; no visible antenna; big display; Picture messages; EMS; WAP; Cheap price.
1	small size
0	Floppy disks don't hold many photos, if they get dirty there could be problems
1	Takes excellent pictures and uses a disk rather than cables.
1	High quality Print with low cost consumables
0	original ink cartridge takes a bite out of the wallet.
1	Takes Beautiful Pictures
1	Very small,tons of useful features, flip phone, external LED, strong ear phone
0	Not enough features
1	small light weight
1	price, photo quality, built in memory
0	high price, print quality and speed
1	INCREDIBLY sharp pictures, 3.34 megapixels, less CCD noise than its predecessors, small size, fast transfers, solid construction.
0	Read the review.
1	Small, great looking phone
1	Cheap, Durable, Fast enough for home use
0	A LITTLE BULKY
1	Small, solid, well designed, 4mp, 3x zoom, excellent low-light, great pictures!
1	Excellent screen, backlit buttons, voice tag feature.
0	terrible battery life. sluggish performance. electronic viewfinder. ISO 400 seems insufficient.
1	Ease of use, call clarity, neat "extra features"
0	Can not create TIFF files
0	Does not have some standard features such as Alarm Clock, Expensive Plans
1	Great Reception, Great Design, Slide Phone, Large Memory, Large/Sharp LCD Screen, Features
0	Flimsy antenna, small buttons, not too many accessories yet
0	pricey, too small, priced superior; feels inferior
1	light weight, great picture quality, best bang for the buck!
1	The cost for a great product, ease of use, and customer service.
0	Not user friendly, poor paper feeder
0	Might be too much for those wanting a simpler camera
1	Outstanding quality, Physical appearance is good, Easy to use, Good software
0	Poor tech support, problems installing drivers &amp;amp; paper jams.
0	The DX4330 does not adequately capture text for OCR applications.
0	Some Paper Jams, Ink Smears If Inkhead is clogged
0	read on
1	Super tiny size, easy to use, great photos.
1	Inexpensive
0	slightly higher cost - larger body
1	Cheap, light-weight and small!
1	Bright light-up display, loads of features, ease of use
1	Great Pictures for the Price, easy to upload and use
1	Good call quality, decent pictures and a micro SD slot
1	Great quality and even greater price!
1	Light, Good Battery Life, Easy to Use
1	Price and rebates
0	Flash, resolution not cutting edge, included memory is insufficient.
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
1	Easy to use, Great image quality, Battery lasts a long time, 
0	No good ringtones...
0	Takes a long time to print the job.
0	For a little more money you can get more phone in the Sanyo 5600!
1	Durable construction, good battery life, simple operation, photo quality is EXCELLENT for this price range!
0	Voice activation poor with background noise.  Might be too much phone for some.
1	great quality, fast print speed
0	Battery life, reception problems, too small for some hands, price
0	Blurry images in low light
0	terrible phone book if you're used to motorola, bad manual, dropped calls
0	LCD can be hard to see in certain lights
1	Cool Shape, Works on almost all networks, bluetooth.
1	Think of it as a Nokia 8260 on a party custume. Great reception.
1	Long battery life, great speakerphone, great phone book features, great size, weight and feel
1	Nice size, great screen, high quality ring tones, lots of features.
1	light, good looking, parent tray, height adjustment
0	It doesn't have a very good camera.
0	none yet
1	Photo Quality, Cheap, Easy to use
1	Quiet. Crisp output.
0	Pouring Java apps into this unit is tricky.  Screen washes out in sunlight.
0	Sometimes sluggish to respond to keypresses, can't make shortcuts to every item.
0	none that I have found so far
0	It's hard to make the paper feed straight. No USB.
1	Print Quality and Conservation of Ink
1	Looks, battery, features, compact, durable
1	colour quality, speed
0	Cons
1	Price &amp; Quality!
1	Nice size. Good battery life. Easy to use.
0	None, other than they are no longer manufactured or sold by Nokia
0	Short battery life when used often, conversation delays, connection drops, RF interference with other electronics.
1	tons of features,including an alarm.  Long battery life!
0	Lack of mechanical zoom.
1	Study, long battery life, good reception, good Nokia menus
0	Batterylife,dock sold separately
0	Optical zoom is limited to 3X.
1	fully manual, offers full creative control for photographers, compact, quality
0	no zoom, no brace.....
0	Screen &quot;dimming&quot;, time and date memory, battery connection
0	Short battery life, uncommon accessory jack, lacks US frequency.
0	only 2mb (enough for normal duty)
1	Price and value, compact size, AC adapter
1	light weight, easy to use
0	None
0	Slows my computer down while printing and expensive print cartridges
1	Inexpensive, Bright Blue Display, Samsung Quality
0	Antenna is a bit long.
0	Heavy, no Vibrating Battery
0	LCD hard to use in low light , Serial cable slow, No optical Zoom
1	good color, durable , easy to use
0	does not work with linux
0	Short Battery Life
1	An all in one solution for the home or office. 
0	No built in Zoom, and only 1 mega-pixel
1	Quiet, Many Features, Compact (Paper Tray folds up for more work room), great price
1	Cheap(ish!), Decent laser printer
1	Compact. Well thought out.Cool looking
1	small, light, shiny, blue, cheap
1	Fast, Good print quality.
0	yt
1	Tri-band, Bluetooth, GPRS, Size, Battery Capacity, Vibrating signal
0	Frustrating to an extent.
0	The price is a little high but its well worth it.
1	sleek, high tech looking, small
1	Top quality prints for both normal and photo uses.Quite,fast and very sexy...
0	A bit heavy to carry around all day.
0	None found yet
1	Excellent print quality. Price. Handy bundled applets.
0	nothing
1	Price
1	great price now that it has dropped below 2000 dollars us
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	long battery life (1 1/2 hrs)
1	Beautiful screen.
0	Heavy ink saturation causes rippling of paper, frequent cartridge changes, tendency to clog
0	Low battery life!
0	shuts off suddenly, dust comes in LCD
1	Separate color tanks
1	600 dpi in black and white, PhotoREt II color
1	1200x1200 res
0	battery life, error messages
0	Exposure delay
0	The Games suck
1	Best value for 4mg out there.  Easy to use!  Easy to upload to printer services!
1	Small
1	innovative design
1	PointnShoot simplicity, Matrix Metering, incredibly flexible scene modes, 
0	Nothing yet
0	none
1	Lots of smart features though does not meet the definition of a smart phone.
0	a bit squeaky, not great for grass/bumpy/rocky travel
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
1	cheap, dual mode (digital camera &amp; webcam), mgi software included
0	not very loud speaker in outdoor situations
1	Pictures, video, sound, text and email messaging with these attachments, internet browsing.  Unbelieveable!!!
0	Memory Stick, Cheesy Rubber AC Cover
1	big enough for a six year old and a six-pack
0	I couldn't set up the fax machine with a calling card.  No USB cable included.
0	Can be expensive if you don't buy a display model
1	This durable and lightweight camera can take quality pictures and video of you and others.
1	Print quality, software, speed
0	Missing so many features
0	Came with Out-Of-Date Software
0	Competition display and features
1	Simple design, easy to learn, simple to use, easy-read manuals and in depth CD information.
0	No optical zoom; cannot store images in uncompressed format.
1	Nice fit in hand and a nice bright screen.
1	Nothing it did not work
1	floppy, rechargeable battery, durable, optics
0	Quality is so-so, limited memory
1	Small, features, price, ok reception
1	16 MB card, great quality, super-easy to use, video, pc-cam
0	not as good as more expensive models
0	Not loud enough, doesn't clear numbers after call, no vibrate function
0	Tricky to fold and latch, cost
0	Slow between photos, Not durable, Drains batteries quickly, bulky
1	Holds about 80 pics in internal memory on lowest setting.
0	annoying small problems
0	canons telephone service it awful.
1	It's got all the functions needed for a basic professional camera. 
0	No silent ring.
0	Short battery life...   :(
0	Few -- small capacity paper tray and occasional paper jam.
0	eats batteries; 
1	Compact size,fabulous battery life,clear sound..especially from calls received
0	Text Print Speed
1	Well, it does hold 2 kids....
0	not very stylish to loud
1	Excellent color, small and compact, batteries/charger included
1	Great quality prints, compact size, built in memory card reader
0	there is really no cons considering the price of this phone
1	size, weight, &amp; features
0	Not as comfy for newborns
0	slow at printing pictures
0	fragile lens
1	Inexpensive, No Paper-Jams, Compact, Easy to Use
1	It's a cheap alternative to a printer of quality
1	Inexpensive, looks like Motorola V60c, feature rich.
1	Excellent coverage, solid phone, good AM-radio quality.
0	none
0	None
1	Fast, brilliant printing.  Easy, quick set up
1	Sleek design, light-weight, clarity, great colors, external caller ID
1	Lots of manual options, incredible feature set, superb four megapixel digital images, 
0	keys could be too small and cumbersome for text messaging, battery power short
0	Printer Ink Cost!!!
1	Quality - Speed - Ink Cost - Color
0	OK Reception. Only 3 download spaces for rings. OK durability.
0	a little slower then other 900 models
0	A real battery eater!
0	No colour screen, slightly larger than most phones now
0	No case, very poor photos in dim light, long shutter delay
1	It never makes a blob, is economical to use, the ink lasts long and it hardly ever has paper jams. 
1	Great reception, nice big LCD, very easy to see the keys in dark, nice size
0	Lack of durability of case finish
1	Sleek,nice screen.
1	Lots of features
1	Awesome print quality at a fast speed
1	Great Picture Quality.  Responsive, easy to use, intuitive controls.
0	High cost per page, may be overtaken by newer printers
0	Storage access!
1	This phone can do mp3,FULL movies,and just about everything but cook you dinner.
1	Lighter, More user friendly
0	Pricey for a 2 Megapixel camera, no manual controls 
1	inexpensive but good quality, easy to setup, quiet, 8Meg RAM, paper handling is smooth.
1	built-in rain cover, reclines, adjustable handles, free standing, removable front bumper bar, basket, sharp-looking
0	Chews through the batteries.  Software could be better.
0	does not take good pictures
0	Only a few images fit on a disk
1	Color, internet, ringtones, camera w/flash, charges fast, alarm/calendar, nifty novelties, clamshell design
0	battery life, lack of memory
0	Up button doesnt work sometimes,had the phone 2 years so what do i expect
1	Contains a printer, scanner, and color copier all in one machine
0	None yet
1	GPS navigation is great(extra fee);Small size
0	I don't have any :)
0	Recessed buttons (hard to dial quickly), button feedback could be improved, and slightly bulky.
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	Envelopes must be "snug" with track to print, 
1	sleek look color printer
1	Great clarity, small and light, many convenience features and durable.
0	single sheet feeding sometimes a problem
0	Unncessarily small outer screen, button for voicedial interferes with answering calls
1	-MP3 Player
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of stuff
1	5 Megapixels, IR pics in total darkness!, JPG + MPG video!
0	Poor Technical Support, Low/NO Color Quality
1	small, compact design that is modern and offers a fair amount of features
1	Small size, 2 MegaPixel, 3x Optical, stainless steel body, Lotta Features, more
0	A bit noisy...
1	Thin,light,great features
1	Very pocketable, no antenna protrusion; Text & e-mail capable; Calendar for reminders and call-log info.
1	Picture Quality, value, easy to use, small size, rechargeable battery
0	Batteries drain fast, plan ahead
0	It's not the best looking camera and its kinda flimsy
0	Want better sound ability, menu functions aren't always where I expect them to be.
1	Well built, excellent quality pictures, 2.0f lens, 4 megapixels
1	Best phone/PDA you could ask for - it's the best technology can offer!
1	Speaker phone is nice safety feature
0	Not so good on Macros
0	Battery life is shallow.
1	Very easy &amp;amp; fun to use, Great picture quality, Floppy disk capability, Sony quality 
0	small screen
1	Colorful and Affordable
1	Tons of great features!
1	CompactFlash, USB, has flash, great outdoor image quality, good for web or beginner
0	Design, black and white external lcd, bad speaker voice quality
0	Will not meet needs for someone who does a lot of printing
1	Good Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Large LCD
1	Flip phone, easy menus, attractive, games
0	Shade canopy, basket access when reclined
0	expensive
0	Some awkward menus, shorter battery life than expected.
1	Fast, quiet and good photo quality
1	Ease of use - speaker phone clarity and a very helpful Sprint customer service.
0	talk time drastically decreases battery, does not come with desktop charger
1	It's very portable and small
1	Good output quality, reliable paper feeding, inexpensive
1	Two seats, one with full recline, each with their own canopy.  Infant car seat included.
1	Inexpensive, setup is easy, works properly in Windows 98, easy to use
0	Canopy is limited, "Child tray" is flimsy, Heavy (21 lbs), Seat adjuster is not great
1	Great Home Printer, Image Quality on Glossy is Great!, Ease of Setup, Ink Cartridge Install is soo easy!
0	Works best in well-list areas, the LCD viewer on back eats the battery quickly
1	Free with T-mobile
0	Shoddy business practices by Epson
1	Easy to set up USB, price, color printing quality
0	Ring tones, $35 activation fee
1	never jams, ease of changing ink 
1	small, great picture quality, movie mode.
1	Priced right for a beginner.
1	inexpensive, pretty good photo quality, fast for b&amp;w
0	No USB port, lightweight construction
0	Expensive to Print, Outdated XP Drivers
0	Only 2x zoom, does not work with Windows XP.
0	cartridge prices
0	Eats AA batteries.  Not cheap.
1	Quality, Printing Program
0	Limited to Floppy storage capacity.
0	everything else
0	Manual is skimpy, USB cover is flimsy, 16 MB card is too small
0	Eats batteries, casing may not be the best.
0	oddly sensative controls.
1	cheap, good quality
1	Small, Rechargeable battery, optical &amp; Digital zoom, perfect color, manual modes
1	Excellent Pro Quality Color Laser At Great Price
1	fast lens, zoom range, flexibility, ease of use, hot shoe
1	IT takes awesome pictures..Clear, very handy..Small and compact..Affordable price..Awesome zoom
1	Neat camera and video.
1	Small design, easy navigation, excellent clarity
0	It breaks down, flash does not work, no proper zoom, battery dies quick.
0	A bit slow when processing
1	Good-quality picture, easy to use, red-eye reduction and other great options, &amp;amp; affordable price.  
0	everything
1	Great pictures, has features usually found on more expensive cameras
1	great looking, space saver and very convenient as well as good comfort for the little ones
0	Flash could have been a little more powerful, Definately need a 64MB Smart Card
1	ease of use, inexpensive storage, good pictures.
0	Battery that comes with it is not enough for me
0	I have not found any yet
0	Viewfinder, occasional focus problems
0	Extremely small ink cartridges.  Be prepared to purchase these cartridges in groups of 5.
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, simple Finepix software
1	Easy to use floppy disk storage, user friendly.
0	Low resolution
1	Great speed, color printing, and very quiet.
0	Battery life is average, low-resolution camera
1	It was free after the rebate
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	Better color, cheaper ink replacement
1	Photo quality excellent. Built in card readers. Can print without a PC.
0	Hangs up system when using Windows 98
0	No Color, No LCD Display just 3 lights on the panel
1	Low price, excellent customer support, good prints
0	Too many pay to use-features, probably big and bulky for most users.
0	Poor zoom picture quality
0	grainy pictures , frustrating .....
0	Better-than-beginner photographers will need a better-than-this camera!
0	No LCD, No Video Out, Batteries
0	doesn't focus well, electrical problems at rotating lens, poor ergonomics, useless &amp;quot;features&amp;quot;
1	Small for a 3.3Mpel camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Picture quality/ speed of transfer/boot up
0	Terrible fax machine
1	Print Quality, Print Manager, Print Options
1	Photo output quality, fast printing speeds, Good Reliability
1	There are no pros!!
0	Poor image quality
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	SIZE, COLOR, FINISH, VOICE QUALITY.
1	Stunning Image Quality, Lots of Storage, Good software bundle
1	easy to use
1	Noise level is very tolerable, accepts printer cable or USB. Colors are high quality.
0	Price of ink cartridges
1	Well built; economical; good output.
1	Remotely attractive.
1	Compact and Sleek,Features
1	Small sleek design, ease of use, good quality pictures.
0	Drum unit gave out after 13 months of light home use.
0	Expensive ink refills
1	Beautiful photo prints... great color matching. Fast!
0	S-L-O-W.  Poor paper feeder
0	It quit working after three days and no replacement possible.
1	small, slick looking, good battery, easy to use
1	Size, Ease of Use, Movie Mode, Versatile Features, Photo Stitch Software for Making Panoramas
0	High Battery Drainage/Design of Carrying Case at On/Off Switch
1	Light, plush, durable
0	jamming, toner smears
1	Many,Many,features.  Too many to name.
1	It has a compact design
0	Only uses Smart Media and this Camera model is getting hard to find.
0	pictures a little grainy
0	None!
0	Low Battery Life (turn the screen off when ever not in use to conserve battery life)
0	Too Big,
1	Memory Card Slot, 4x6 Photo Paper Tray, Thumbnail Printout (directly from memory card), Durability
0	Some may consider it expensive but for what you get it's very reasonable!
1	Inexpensive, built in flash, easy to set up
1	comfortable, nice looking and easy to use
1	good for the internet
0	Limited quantity of pics on high resolution
0	cant think of one.
0	Expensive!
1	Tri-band, lots of features, direct sync with MS Outlook, WAP, SMS enabled.
0	not a great camera, not a whole lot of features.
0	sensitive to light, no zoom, no wrist strap
1	great for close-up shots
0	Verizon and Lg intentionally weakened features of the phone
0	Skimpy on features other phones have.&#13;&#10;- Difficult to navigate phone without learning the "shortcuts"
0	Slightly more expensive than some others.
0	Flimsy, ugly design.  Bad reception, the list goes on and on.
1	BEST PRINTER FOR THE PRICE
1	Megapixel camera. Video. MP3 player. Transflash card slot. Bluetooth. GPRS. Excellent screen.
0	ink usage, epson customer service, loud
1	Camera, color display, excellent ring tones.
1	Great features / USB interface / fantastic battery life / easy
1	The standing/sitting feature in the back, low price
1	External caller ID/Time, Color, Flip
0	Paper tray only "likes" a few sheets.
0	close shot not easy to get a good one
0	blurred picture, price
0	battery usage
0	Noise, Feeding problems, rough operation
0	paper jam, excess ink use, improper scan &amp; sizing
0	poor battery life, dropped calls, volume fluctuates without the users' control
0	All performance--reliability, clarity, reception, battery life, etc
1	Good quality digital photography, flexibility and software
1	menus, text-messages, durability, battery-life, ease of use
0	None
0	hard to change settings, photo quality not very good
1	Light, small, battery, fast, IR, WinCE drivers...
0	Video clips are 6 seconds on highest setting, red eye not always effective
0	poor picture quality, poor instructions, no picture monitor
1	Flash, Digital, USB, high or low quality, WEB CAM,  
1	High Quality Photos, Dependable, Easy to Use
1	very good text and good graphics for the money
0	Low power. Low talk time. IT IS NOT #G COMPATIBLE.
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
0	Letter size Flatbed Scanner,No On Off Switch
1	Don't Hesitate
1	Display, overall size. Cool blue keypad light.
0	Blurry outdoor images
1	easy to use, good value, reasonable quality
0	nothing
1	Quick printing, good color, shows ink levels
0	Software
0	A bit pricey, fax software is clunky.
1	Compact, easy to use, packaged software bundle
1	Good size (not too big or little!), good options!
1	Well constructed. Very small and lightweight. Very crisp LCD display. 
0	just like computers, new versions come out later
0	No stand-alone fax capability
0	Blurry pictures, expensive ad-ons required, in shop 2 times in 1st year
0	none
1	Space-Saver for Home Offices, Print quality like the pros
1	Great sound quality, long battery life, inexpensive.
0	Large-ish
0	Awful software ease of use, terrible call clarity, and terrible reception strength.
0	some parts feel a little flimsy, cartridge storage can be awkward
1	Great pictures, ease of use, New Pro memory sticks
0	No infrared, Not compact, Terrible color screen display
1	Lightweight and compact
0	Loud feed tray, fairly large footprint
1	High-quality images, easy to use
0	Poor dpi
0	poor quality 
0	Unsturdy Battery, Muffled Sound
1	Service, size, see through display, speakerphone, one second billing &#13;&#10;
0	Menus are confusing, profiles difficult to set up,
1	Improved control layout, ultra compact, limited manual capability, photo effects mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	This nokia has some issues..
0	Shutter lag
0	HP ink is always expensive
0	Paper feeds from the back. Poor software.  Poor print quality
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
1	Price, ease of use
1	Compact, HSDPA, EDGE, Quad Band, 1.3 Mp Camera/Camcorder, Stereo Bluetooth
0	Eats batteries, plan on shelling out more money, Not very high res
0	I'm still waiting for my second replacement
0	No 4x6 photo slot, with this print quality, it should be there!
0	Refill cartridges are a little expensive, though, they last.
0	paper trays dodgy
0	Expensive ink
1	nice image quality, easy to use
1	Combi is the best in its class.
0	Price
1	lightweight, great features
1	great first camera, a good deal
1	Small, classic + cool style, excellent screen, 1xRTT ready, voice dialing/recording, excellent bang for buck
1	Quality, Easy to use/maintain
1	Thin profile, lightweight, and large, vivid color display. Clear audio and easy to use.
0	Some voice feedback, missed calls.
1	High Quality Photos; Respectable Price
0	Barely noticeable pictures, only stored 6 photos
1	easy to follow instructions and clear pictures
1	Best 3.3 Megapixel digital camera on the market
1	Overflowing with features.  Small and compact, almost forget you have it.
0	Keypad
0	Small battery, red-eye
0	Slow depending on the computer, and uses ink quickly
0	The serial Link is slow. The packaged software is particular. 
1	Good for people with credit problems
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
1	USB port, great for beginner, easy to use, great price, quality pictures.
0	Slow download from camera to PC
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
0	Other than crippled Bluetooth, no cons!
1	Great sound, nice video playback, solid build, MP3 ringtones, solid keypad, rotating camera, bluetooth
0	slow to record
0	Keys may be a bit small for some people.
0	everithing! this phone is just a lost of money
1	Small, bright backlight, easy-to-use buttons and menus, no antenna
1	Great Picture Quality, 3.2 MegaPixels, Real small.  Fits anywhere.
0	Some might think its &quot;outdated&quot; by new phones.
0	blurriness, no flash, not very durable.
1	Features, Screen Size, Scroll Button, Slide Cover
1	Sleek (duh), compact (bigger duh), crisp sound, helpful features, Verizon network
0	browser performance is sluggish, pricey, no analog fall-back
0	Poor reception. Awkward user mode. Turns itself off with no warning.
0	Rather expensive ink; runs through ink quickly
1	allows photo printout from the MFC
1	Small, cool silver color, external display, awesome blue backlight
1	adorable well padded seat, very large waterproof hood, rain bubble, padded bumper bar, good tires
1	High quality, easy loading, takes all kinds of paper, AMAZING value, good control program.
1	clear pics,  easy operation, customizable features
0	Everything
1	Low price, Very high quality pictures, Easy to use
1	Very high quality, Good features and gadgets, excellent signal reception
0	plastic scrapes
0	Bad Flash
1	Lightweight, superb audio transmission and reception.  Holds plenty of data.
0	Ink cartridges not sold in every store
0	Zoom is disappointing
1	Easy to use great for all time use
1	Beautiful screen.
0	Speakerphone while on calls.
1	very light, and small
0	None
1	Affordable
0	Slightly slow menus but even then it makes up for itself
0	duplex feature extremely slow
0	You need more than 8mb of ram
0	Weak Flash, 2x zoom.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Picture quality below nikon 950&amp;#13;&amp;#10;expensive and weak rechargeable battery
0	USB Communication with ME flaky - Tech Support Horrible
1	Very Clear Precise Printing
0	Battery life very short....but most digital cameras are the same way if not worse
0	hard to use some features
1	Cheap
0	Frustrating to work with for advanced photography.
0	Limited movie capture mode.
1	picture quality and battery power
0	no battery charger, uses battery power quickly, bright flash with no ability to bounce
1	Solid Construction, Quiet
0	Not 35 mm quality, price. 
1	Has all the features you could want.
0	Flash produces red-eye, Included memory stick is inadequate
1	good-sized display, easy scroll bar, lightly and speaker phone
0	These phones just are not reliable.
1	Small, Vibrates, multiple ringtones
0	The CR-V3 batteries cost a lot, flash isn't very powerful
0	Underpowered flash. Must remove battery to charge it. Occasional auto-focus problems.
0	Un-reliable, too slow, doesn't work half the time
1	Integrated palm pilot
0	image quality and focus 
0	Some phone functions are awkward &#150; list scrolling in particular. Low battery life.
0	not usb, no carrying case or video output
1	Great pictures, great features.  I'm in love!
0	You can't always hear the phone ringing, and to purchase the vibrating battery it's $100.00.
1	big bright screen, megapixel camera, camcorder, MP3 player, voice command
0	Original Memory Card to small
1	Gee, a horrendous bill, a lousy phone, and it's my fault? You tell me.
0	expensive, wheels aren't great outside, other components have broken
0	color is ugly
1	There are many pros about this camera. This camera takes quality pictures and would be great for any family
0	Lens slow. Body chintzy. Display not jointed. Settings reset. No top readout.
0	Price, incompatibilities
1	Great quality prints, easy to use, easy to load paper
0	Terrible image quality before fix
0	Picture quality, picture quality
0	Expensive
1	Easy to use with great results!
1	the actual printer is cheap
1	It's free.
0	Display failed after 6 months, Virgin refused to admit it had sold me a lemon...
1	Small, Compact Size, Fits almost anywhere. low price, 
1	Affordable, easy-to-use, great features.
0	Average color quality; top speeds only in draft mode.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Good quality pictures, stores on floppy disks
0	Bulky with echo.
1	good camera for a cell phone, thin design, display is amazing,
1	price, easy to use, features, size
1	none
1	Ease of use, good quality printing
1	ease of use
0	Optional lenses in the way of view finder.
0	Some might not like the unorthodox style. (try the 6610 instead).
1	Print quality in both colour and B/W, Speed, nice interface, ink life, amazing quality even on standard A4 paper,
0	timeouts/freezes up
1	Very Small, Very Clear, Great Features, Very Easy To Use
0	None that I have seen!
0	none of significance
0	I needed customer support
0	No text messaging
0	Slow between pictures
1	Very Tiny, Cheap, Holds 100 Pictures
1	Easy to use, many features, small and portable, and the battery life, well focused shots
0	1. Careful reading of documentation a MUST , 2. Will Fuji build a star in follow-up?
0	Can't make calls, can't keep a call on the phone...
1	Size, flip feature
0	Flash card too small, Size, Support
0	Slow print, Average Quality
1	Small, stylish, excellent signal reception, attention getter, light, customizable
1	incredible photos, accurate color, quick shutter, point and shoot, fun, small
0	Quiet ringer, quiet speaker, poor reception, not intuitive
1	Low Price, Brand name and Reliability
0	Hard to navigate, Battery is awkward, No seperate snd/end buttons
1	small size/large phonebook/feature packed
1	Great price, quality print, easy to use, relatively few jams
1	Versatile, easy to maneuver, and easy to open and close.
1	Well made, Small size, picture quality, compact flash, battery life. 
0	To slow just all out pain in the buttocks.
0	Features not as user-friendly as could be
1	Great, sharp pictures. Good Macro. Ability to manually control settings.
1	Excellent design to this camera
0	Short battery life, most user settings are not saved when the camera is turned off
0	Power system, weird feel
1	Extremely high quality photos, fast text, true color, cheap ink. 
1	Small, flip cover, decent menu system, general feature set is good
0	Cannot be used over a network. Touchy paper feed.  USB ONLY Connector.
1	Easy to use, low price, good quality images
1	really easy to use, offers many, many features
1	Just a phone, more durable than most, good display size, good battery life
0	Indifferent image quality; very poor low light images.
1	Great look, good features, awesome memory transferring, cool voice dial feature
1	Great photo print quality, extremely low price of printer
1	Great Compact Design, Good Color, Simple Management, Expandable Memory
1	It's inexpensive, easy to use, and did I mention inexpensive!
0	Gets Hot.
0	Heavy! Messy Nokia User Interface...
0	Volume level too low, possible problem with ringing consistently
1	Compact, large screen, inexpensive
0	Heads clog easily, faulty feed mechanism, poor customer service.
1	GOOD VALUE
0	Print Head Replacement Fee of $150.00
0	Downloadable ringers has problems, reception, awkward button placement.
1	Very durable, easily snaps in and out of car, high handle on stroller and large carry basket                        
0	doesn't always work in all lighting conditions
1	Light, small, easy. Good quality photos
1	more durable than most umbrella strollers, fully washable, comfortable for kids, fairly priced.
1	It produces the best movies that I have found on a digital photo camera!
1	Cheap.
0	None
1	lots of features
0	Noisy, but not unbearably so
0	Problematic, long warm up times, ink guzzler, paper jammer
0	Poorly manufactured, relatively large.
0	autofocus not reliable, ergonomics, manual features menu, noisy zoom
0	Pricey at initial roll-out.
1	Fun to use, good price/performance ratio, easy to look at.
0	Price, constant maintenance
0	Poor  Photos
1	Weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
0	You pay for the size.
1	convenient, one hand fold, lightweight
0	print shade
0	very beautiful
0	Connection Problems
0	hard to figure out how to download images for the background.  need special usb cable
1	space saver
0	Text quality when using regular paper. Availability of Canon paper
0	Poor sound quality,cheap,not all of features
1	small and has multiple functions with a nice usb connection
1	There are no pros worth putting up with this phone for.
0	Doesn't have enough storage for photos & videos.
1	Ease of handling and high resolution
1	Everything, clarity...etc...
1	Looks Good
1	2 Way SMS, size, voice dialing, calendar, calculator -- many many pros
0	the interchangeable faceplates can be addicting..we are always shopping for more!!
1	Fastest general purpose inkjet around. Excellent output quality.
0	My battery drains VERY quickly
0	Battery requires frequent charging you need a spare battery. Mode dial has broken twice.
0	poor ink cartridge quality
1	Small Light Digital Camera with Great Program
0	Sometimes you forget you have it!
1	Very compact, vibration alarm, voice dialing
0	No lens cap, no AC adapter, serial connection, bulky
0	Antenna is a bit weak-but you don't usually need it.
1	Great Graphics, AUTOMATIC Two-Sided Printing, Fairly High Speed
0	Location of Lens
0	No camera, non-flip, price?
1	Great features, ease of use, nice lighting,etc
1	Excellent Lexmark quality, now USB compatible.
0	battery life, case, no movie sound
0	Weak Speaker, Somewhat glitchy, Bad Voice commands, no full color? =)
0	printout performance depends on equipment
1	Simplicity, Resolution, Color
0	no flash, very sensitive
0	No color screen
1	Small and light weight, web enabled, downloadable ringtones.
0	Vision is overhyped, slow, unstable,  significant browser errors
1	6X Zoom, Incredibly Sharp Detail
1	Size, easy of use, charges quickly.
0	replacement cartriges are expensive, being as high as $45.00
1	Size.
1	Comes with everything you need, easy to use
0	Pretty bulky if you want a travel camera
0	lack of video out, somewhat short battery life
1	Quality, reliability
0	doesn't scan pictures well
1	Great for getting your feet wet in digital for the price, great for quick shots
1	When it works, it's OK
1	Great features, good battery life.
0	Slow without USB cable
0	Hasn't found yet.
0	Does not support Windows 95 USB, needs bigger CF card out of the box
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
1	cheap ink, good speed and resolution
0	CHEAP components
1	cool, sleek design.
0	Somewhat flimsy.  Reception is questionable.
1	intuitive operating system, easy to use, good battery life.
1	Easy to use, Fun
1	Great picture quality, instant gratification! Lots of bells and whistles!
0	battery hog, placement of LCD view panel
1	Great printing.
0	Too simple, kinda slow focusing, NO Advanced functions.
1	Small, Good battery charge, easy to use
1	great digital video, camera, loud speaker, and very good reception.
1	clear photos
1	5 Mega Pixles, Features, Zoom, Style, Brandname, screen, batteries.
1	clear pictures, lots of memory space (40MB each clik! disk)
1	Excellent sound, good list of features
0	Buttons stick out and might get damaged
0	Unreliable
0	price; lack of view finder
0	Cheap looking paper trays
1	Many features.
1	Lightweight, solid, large phonebook, voice activation, small size, neat features (see review)
1	easy to use, fold, wash and comfortable for child
0	Flash too close to the lens, image quality could be better
1	Price, Image Quality in a class by itself, RAW format out of the box, long battery life (even WITH a Microdrive), dual battery charger out of the box, and more!
1	Nikon reputation &amp; past experience, Compact, Respectable megapixel rating, &amp; Decent price!
0	power button and shutter release button too close together
0	Features. Internal Memory. Reliability. Download Capabilities.
1	Size, Image Quality, Manual and Automatic Controls
0	High price, serial port to download, power usage
1	Great images, excellent build quality, fast cycle time, great flexibility, multiple storage media choices.
0	None.
0	No USB
0	eats your hard-drive; relative expense of smart media cards, multimedia applications
0	Weak speaker,ringer, vibrate mode. Poor battery life, flimsly recharger connection. Antenna sticks outtoo far.
0	Will turn you into a raving lunatic obsessed with how crappy your phone is.
1	great price for home users. excellent quality
0	LCD screen gets smudgy when you use the view finder, its a battery guzzler.
0	Not the latest phone or technology.
0	Not a one
0	None
1	Crisp Outdoor Shots, Compact Size, Software Bundle
0	not the best reception
1	Great Zoom capability.  Rechargeable batteries with long life.  lightweight. great customer service. XD Picture Card
0	Continues to break down
1	Size, Screen, Bluetooth
0	Menu a little sluggish and time-consuming to navigate.  No flashy extras.
1	Ease of use, regular diskettes, quality
0	Large delay between button push and picture, must push button hard
0	wheel issues, useless basket, other quality control problems
0	Poor signal performance, scratches easily.
0	severe and chronic paper feed problems
0	a lot, see my comments
1	Superb photo quality pictures, seperate ink tanks for economical ink replacing.
1	easy to use, direct connect, cool looking, its a nextel
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Easy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent quality
1	Just charge the battery and you're ready to take pictures
1	Excellent printing, uses plain paper, doesn't get hung up
0	cost
1	Quite and Excellent for the money now that the price has dropped
1	Color Screen, Price
0	Noisy paper loading and bulky size
0	Some minor flaws, but nothing major
1	Fast, quiet, good print quality, and incredibly easy to setup and use. 
0	Their service is almost non-existent
0	Awkward ergonomics, no optical viewfinder, short battery life, slow, gets hot
1	Small, easy to carry, GREAT screen
0	lighting needs to be right, no LCD Display
1	Inexpensive, easy to use.
0	As with all printers, the ink cartridges are expensive.
1	Quiet, reasonably priced, quick, excellent prints
1	Small and stylish
1	high ink volume, extremely fast
0	It's pretty big - takes up quite a bit of space on my desk.
0	Finding one with all the extras at the lower price
1	really compact, very stylish, voice dialing, beautiful backlight, global support
0	some extra papers might come out with printed pages but they can be reinserted with the holding paper (minor)
0	Certain color reproduction
0	Very expensive and limited services that carry the model.
1	Easy to use and inexpensive
1	looks, size, camera, 65K screen, GSM America
1	Looks good
1	Good value for its price, easy-to-use, good pre-loaded ringtones, color screen.
0	Runs on diskettes
1	Smallest 3MP camera on the market; loaded with features; great picture quality!
0	shutter lag, poor focusing, small media capacity
0	None.
1	Dual memory slots, adujstable screen, high performance optics, stunning detail.
0	Size,sometimes connection like any other cell phone
1	small, cheap, built in flash
0	None, except, maybe, price.
0	short battery life
1	price, quality, ease of use
1	Small, high quality, fast
0	Manual a little strange.
0	Battery Life
0	none
1	1. good resolution 2. easy to carry 3. easy storage 4. no complicated software 5. easy to transfer onto the pc
1	Price, features, reliability, cartridges, software
0	Overcompensated white balance issues in certain types of lighting
0	like everything else
0	Size, battery life, crash potential
0	Baby can't recline, access to basket is small, brakes don't engage on the first try
1	Price was good $263 total.  Picture quality good based on limited use.
0	I had problems with the drivers, but updates fixed it up quick.
0	None, well maybe the cost!
0	Battery life
1	many convenient features
0	Not many
1	Extremely good photo quality. Full automatic to full manual controls.
0	No automatic turn on
0	somewhat simple
0	6162 flip front is awkward
1	Cool looking, lightweight, good features
0	No optical zoom; poor LCD; battery &amp;quot;hog&amp;quot;; barely 1 Megapixel; flash is insufficient indoors
0	bulkier than other models
0	will bleed on good stationary, can be slow, software only ok
0	Have to reset the date every time batteries come out.
1	It's cute.
1	A tough camera that has taken a real beating from me. 
1	Speed, Quality, Stable in Windows
1	Clarity, functionality, volume, ergonomics, reasonably durable, excellent speaker, adult sized.
0	No power switch.
1	The price is the deception...
1	Easy to use, affordable, lightweight and convienient.
0	You need to buy rechargeable batteries.
1	Low Price, good Quality
1	Size, optical zoom, photo quality, price
0	a bit Bulky, numbers are hard to get used to at first
0	I will never use all of the features!!!
1	great for hauling the toddler and the baby
1	slim design, easy to lock-unlock keys&#13;&#10;
1	-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
0	somewhat pricy, no video camera
0	memory stick can be expensive
1	Flat-bed scanner
0	consume ink like big SUV's with gas
1	great features, great battery life, great size
0	No USB cable included at time of purchase. Expensive.
0	baby pushing up can cause it to topple backwards
0	4 mb card too small.
0	Just make sure you buy it from somewhere other than Cellular Choice.
1	Sleek and slim look, Excellent battery life, Good reception.
1	Small footprint; Easy paper loading
0	Sound quality, weak analog mode
0	low volume level, sticky buttons
1	Lightweight, easy interface, small
0	Only one port, hard to fit your head, easy to lose.
0	Digital viewfinder (not optical), manual options, software
1	Reception, excellent infrared synchronization, noise filtering, battery life, operating (menu) system.
1	super low price of $60, 2 MB memory, AA battery operated, LCD, simple to use
0	Weak flash
0	bulky
0	Too slow for sports, zoom not that hot, no protective filter
1	Super-easy to use
0	Goes through ink like a baby goes through diapers, unreliable, slow
0	Thumbstick, Scratching Screen, Slow Interface
0	Plastic construction and goes through batteries quickly.
1	Fantastic all around printer - great graphics, photos and text.
1	Great reception, tons of features, easy to use
0	Low Battery Life, Long Charge Time
0	Can't get inkjet printed paper wet!
0	Noisy, Too much ink output, Destroys Envelopes, Jams
0	None
0	somewhat expensive, battery life isn't that long (talktime)
0	None I can really think of.
0	None
0	No image stabilization, 
0	Major design flaw in flip hinge
1	Lots of features and control over calling functions, lightweight
0	Poor Sony support; while price is competitive, it's still a bit steep
0	none
1	Affordable
1	lots of nice options, easy to use.
1	I love this phone! It has a great, sturdy case, and many features.
1	Voice dialing and recorder, compatible with GSM and TDMA networks
1	Great tone!
1	Small size, mostly clear
0	Keypad looks nice, but keys are too close, easy to miskey, Fragile.
1	2 Megapixel
0	Large, a bit expensive
0	did not come with a/c adaptor
0	Terrible, distorted sound quality on some handsets
1	Inexpensive
0	Its a huge phone, but it has a fold out keyboard. Can't use standard headset.
0	Shakes a bit when printing
0	Sometimes has tech problems (but not many)
0	Occasionally may cause your computer to freeze.
0	None so far
0	Address Book
0	Eats batteries, no optical zoom
1	GREAT sound, GREAT Display, GREAT battery Life, and it's Tri-Mode.
0	-Doesn't have large format capacity
1	No having to download pictures to your hard drive.
0	So-so battery life, freezes and crashes occasionally. Seems more frequent when battery is low.
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
1	Pretty good... good brand.
0	tripod mount placement, red-eye, focusing
1	easy to use, quality projects
1	Excellent control over the photographic process, awesome video and macro
0	Print cart. are expensive (every brand is)
1	small, lightweight, lots of features
1	lightweight, easy to fold
0	Size can be a little too small sometimes
1	Ease of use, Price of toner, Quality of copies
0	Poor battery life, worthless camera, not as intuitive as LG's
1	Easy to use, easy on ink
0	Ugly color, short standby and talk time,potential flip problems
1	We ask you, and you said that we have to try 
1	Cheap, small, LOTS of features, multiple alarms
0	obvious manufacture cost cutting, lousy workmanship
0	None.
1	Great clarity
1	Ease of Use w/ Numerous Camera Features
0	no firewire port, no photoshop plug in, poor download software
0	Battery life, electronic interference
1	Lots of custom controls, good zoom, small, decent photo quality
1	Easy to Use, Share Photos
1	Amazing picture quality, very easy to use
0	wheels are too big
1	Great quality photo printing
1	Fast, easy software installation, DuraBright water resistant ink.
1	Good long lasting cell phone
1	Fast!
1	Nice color screen, good battery life for color screen phone
1	easy to change ink, prints clear, fast (after it's warmed up)
1	Colour, Small, Light, good-looking, well featured, Lots of technology
0	Software has limited editing capabilities.
0	No viewfinder, charging battery little hectic, odd shape for carrying
0	Freezes once in a while, not many new features.
1	fast &amp; clear printing
1	Head-turning design, excellent reception and sound quality, tons of features.
1	inexpensive, easy to use at first
0	A bit bulky and heavy
0	small dial pad, kind of expensive
0	Expensive cartridges, frequent paper jams, tiny paper feed tray and tinier tray for received faxes.
0	Expensive Cartridges
1	INSANE battery life, gobs o' features, cool looking phone, lots more
0	Drains Batteries
0	Ink cartridges are 29.00. a little slower on the ppm print spead than our epson, Ink cartridges snap in instad of drop in.
1	Combination phone, looks great, large screen
0	Tiny screen, no WAP/web, limited battery life
0	Poor ergonomic design, small dimly lit display, dimly lit keyboard. Slippery, hard to open.
1	Small, Good Beltclip, Good Service, WALKIE-TALKIE, BLue lights and Hott Customablity
0	Button icons are a little non-standard, download to PC is slow without adapters, no save settings feature
0	Slow printing speed, only optimal on photo prints, not borderless 8.5 x 11 inch prints.
1	great quality printing, great price, many fun features
1	great text and photos, excellent memory reader, fast scanner and fax,superior copies
0	hard to perfect, eats batteries
0	none so far
1	Fast, Crisp Text, Outstanding Design.
1	Ease of Use, Quality
0	No USB connectivity
0	none
0	According to my daughter "No games."
1	Attached/sliding lens cover, tons of features
0	I is slim and has good LCD screen.
1	Nice Feel, Very easy to use.
0	Lack of self-timer.
0	Have not found any.
1	Light, no external antenna
1	Excellent Print Quality, Quick and Easy to Setup and Use
0	Doesn't do well on close-ups - often blurry, flash is very bright, no fill light
0	None
1	Blue screen and sailboat screensavers ? Yippeeee
1	Sexy look.  Great Menus.  Indiglo light is the best!  Small size.
0	Not the best of the best!
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
0	No A/C Adapter
0	Picture sizes, internet disconection is efficient
0	None
0	bad reception, low volume, and poor quality.
0	Display issue, missing features of newer phones
1	Price zoom and features
0	price, not as durable as it could be
0	The sound is like hearing someone talk out of a box.
0	eats batteries like mad
0	S100 only has an ISO setting of 100, and digital zoom is not seamless.
0	Absolutely none.
1	Another solid body phone by nextel with a brilliant color display.
0	Somewhat slow focus times, price
1	Quality photos, great close-ups and night photos.
0	poor reception, poor quality, display difficult to read in sunlight. Horrible customer support
1	PRICE!, print quality, holds two ink cartridges
1	Nice printing quality, affordable
0	Floppy Disk Adapter NOT AVAILABLE
0	no optical zoom
1	customizable, durable
0	Turns off on it's own, poor reception, poor quality phone
1	Stylish, well-built, excellent interface/menus, great functionality, performance, large screen
0	slight delay in shutter, movie-mode limited to 10 seconds, sometimes frustrating focus
1	Very good Phone
0	Bulky.
0	Internal antenna gets terrible reception!  Phone constantly shuts down!
1	Size, weight and quality.
1	Small, bright color
0	menu navigation too complicated, not enough "go to" and one-touch commands, speaker quality
1	Camera capabilities, tri-band, GPRS high speed data.
0	Echos, does not pick up signal very well
0	no USB or parallel cable included, fairly large footprint
0	Very weak
1	New cup holders and easier to open
0	Speed
0	none
1	Quality of output
0	Wastes ink every time you turn it on
0	Flip up flash and lens cover
1	Battery, Sound quality, Features, Screen
1	Lightweight, Compact compared to other Nextel phones
1	Small, lightweight
1	Good
0	Drinks ink like a fish, tends to jam quasi-frequently 
1	Good quality printing.  Many printing features.
0	voice dialing a pain
0	Not as fast as laser printers
1	Great zoom and quick response time! Night setting fun!
0	That little rubber flap covering the left side
1	Inexpensive, Good Quality
0	Out of the Box accessories are crap, throw away batteries, throw away card, no adapter
0	none
0	poor quality battery and memory card cover. Zoom picture of poor quality
0	Hidden costs (Battery, Compact flash, Software)
0	Just that the baby out grows the car seat
0	dropped calls, bad reception, the screen blanks out and too much more
1	pretty good value
0	Lacks certain features and the charge connection is not very durable.
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
0	takes awhile to get use to the flat key pad, but not to long
0	Sacrifices speed for flexibilty
1	Display, battery, bluetooth, design, features
0	Poor battery life.  Poor quality of Picture.  Does not live up to SONY quality standards.
1	Easy to use, great picture quality
1	Calls are Clear, Feature Rich, Settings Rich
1	Rugged
1	Dandy little camera. Great pictures.
0	A bit expensive...but worth it..
1	Easy to use, customizable settings, great photos.
1	Multifunction, Fast and Easy to use
1	easy to use, video out, lcd and traditional viewfinders
0	Expensive, Limited # of Photos to Each Disk
1	Cheap! Color. Same look and feel as other HP DeskJets
1	Decent PPM, quality color, parallel or USB capable, nice options 
1	Great good quality printing, doesn't take up much space, hardly costs anything.
1	Slim and fits well in your hand
1	Easy to carry and protective from scratches
1	Durability, sound quality, speaker phone quality.
0	Housing feels "loose", cant change caller group graphic
0	Low quality pics. and breaks within months of purchasing.  
1	Quality of print, speed and dual print trays.
0	Kind of ugly looking
0	Slow writing time, movie quality not so great.
1	Great phone, tons of features, easy to use
1	hi pict mode, sharpness, clarity, good color
1	Quiet operation, great photo quality printing, good cost per print ratio.
1	Best value for money
1	Easy To Use, only $270
1	Great quality, excellent software
0	Power button.
0	Keypad setup
0	Small paper tray, USB cable not provided
0	no tray for printed pages to rest on as they come out
0	None.  A very good value!
1	Inexpensive initially
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges, Short (90 day) Warranty
0	A bit noisy
1	Great printer..little price
0	not many. rechargeable battery highly recommended.
1	Great little camera with a good user interface.
0	Canon specific A/C adapter NOT INCLUDED and the measly 8MB flash card.
0	Price
1	You can customize anything, Great resolution.
0	Very poor software
0	jams a lot and broke fast
0	Slow recovery and Software
0	Absence built-in vibrocall, high price
1	Nice look and feel, long battery life
1	speed, footprint, print quality
0	nothing really
1	Cheap, quality pictures, easy to use, very portable
1	Different connectivity options.  Compact.  Extremely practical.  AIM service.  Quadband.
1	lightweight, easy to use, very cute
0	None
1	Good image quality, 3x optical zoom, macro mode, inexpensive
0	Manual focus requires button pushing
0	Short battery life, poor signal strength
0	Somewhat noisy, expensive cartridges, hard to scan bulky items
0	toner cartridge problems - gray background after 500-750 pages new machine
1	Unsurpassed macro ability, 4X zoom, 6X review, ergonomics
0	Only The Price.
0	None.
0	strangely large antenna.
0	reception!, display quality, battery life
1	Price, Ease of use, full-featured software package, USB support
0	Requires much adjusting to obtain desired quality. 
0	Low quality, not for taking important pictures.
0	easy to use
1	Great picture quality, configurable, hackable, customizeable scripts
1	1200x1200 dpi, 10 pgs/min., Infrared, Cancel print job feature
1	Large screen
1	Speaker phone, Voice activated dialing, Long battery life, Affordable, Stylish design.
1	Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use
1	Great Printer! 
1	Easy to use and navigate.  This phone is a great asset
0	Could print more pages per minute
0	No wireless-web
0	Lens protection a bit flimsy
0	A bit bigger than my last inkjet, see review for dimensions
1	light weight, multi-options, great lens
1	Design, display, keypad illumination, USB charger, integrated antenna.
1	Easy to set up and use.  Great versatility for small price.
1	Nice features set, nice looking Pictures
1	Functional, Quality of Prints, Price
0	A little bit small
0	Wheels could be stronger
1	Easy to install. Easy to use&amp;gt;
0	Breaks easily (watch out for this), no web access
0	No zoom during movie mode; many CF cards not compatible with movie mode
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Inexpensive, Great value.
0	Drop it and rebuild it, Zoom is week, Must be steady, 
1	Wonderful reception, portable
1	Great resolution, features &amp;amp; price
0	Cost, locked features
0	A bit too noisy, bad bundled software, Needs special cable-don't forget,need lots of desk space
0	battery-life
1	Great for the price
1	easy to use
0	Works great until it pops  until the ink starts spurting all over  that was bad!
1	Floppy disc storage media, 14x zoom (With steady shot), manual aperture and speed control
1	Ease of Use, Quality, Features
1	Great print quality, low cost of ownership
0	It is big, loud, and slow.
1	5 megapixels, pro features, triple memory card format compatibility, fast 3X zoom, 
0	limited amount of pictures can be taken
0	clunky compared to newer phones, can short circuit in heavy rain
0	Nothing yet!
1	Good Printer
0	Yes, it is hard to turn on and off and a bit bulky.
1	Small, compact, easy to use, ohh and the white lights, they rock...
1	waterproof ink, quiet, quality, fast
0	Expensive ink cartridges. Slow color printing. Loud paper feeder. Not for high volume use.
1	Small and lightweight, Sleek, Easy-to-use LG interface, 2.0-megapixel camera, Bluetooth
0	Application Limited
1	great zoom lens
0	Didn't come with a printer cable
0	Paper jams, less than ideal paper tray snugness.
0	Speed and low (not for professional purposes) quality
0	Weak Battery, Static near speakers
0	Lens operation, firmware, shape.
1	Small, sleek.
1	Large screen, clear reception
0	Side to side action sometimes shakes desk
0	can't find anything negative to say about this printer
0	CDMA and Nokia do not mix
1	Price, Storage capacity, Color accuracy, Flexibility
0	weak signal, slow response, awful screen resolution, not a comm. tool. more of a show-off!!!!
0	Instruction manual of 271 pages is difficult to read on PDF included with software.
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	finicky file downloads
0	It's not color???  Haven't really found a con yet.
0	High-quality color prints use alot of ink.
0	hard to see viewfinder/lcd in extreme lighting conditions
0	Better choices for high-end photo printing
1	Easy to use. Fast. Beautiful
0	No optical zoom, eats batteries (!)
0	small bundled memory (8MB)
0	Expensive. Only a 3x optical zoom. &lt;i&gt;Some&lt;/i&gt; shutter lag.
1	Fairly small, lots of features.
0	None
0	people cant hear you, crappy pictures, irritating buttons
0	Once Camera is turned off you have to reset parameters.
1	easy to fold, fits in small spaces, lightweight, easy to maneuver
0	Mid-range price
1	Fast, sharp printing! Toner keeps going and going...easy to setup/use - attachments available
0	Battery Life, Keypad
1	USB, Speed, Photo quality prints
0	Not as good macro capability (without add-on lenses) as Nikon coolpix 995.
0	No longer produced
1	easy to learn, fun to use, good quality for price
1	Very reliable, quiet, made to last, small footprint
1	Fast, Good quality
0	Only holds 18 exposures, pictures can sometimes be grainy, no flash.
1	Great pictures,good build,solid controls,flip LCD.
1	Size and weight, clarity, decent battery, a ton of features
1	strolls beautifully, lots of different choices
1	sharp details, instant satisfaction
1	Price, HP, Photo
0	Third party covers are crap.
1	Size, weight, large display, stylish
0	Yeah, I'd like to see YOU keep MY toddler in the standing position!
0	Not much memory, not really pretty and small
1	Easy to use, 2" LCD screen, use of Digita scripts, professional image quality, 3x zoom
0	auto shut off is to fast
0	A little noisy.
1	Great RF (better than my other phones), feature rich, solid design/build, flashy, lightweight
0	extras you need
0	The are updated way to fast
0	None
1	Inexpensive, sturdy, easy-fold, reclining(!)
0	None
0	Terrible picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy to heated body&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Battery drains fast if you keep the LCD screen on all the time
1	cheap megapixels
0	low-quality pics, difficult for children to operate
1	Voice Dialing
1	This camera cost less than the 640 and hold way more pictures
1	Quality, speed, price.
0	Quality Problems
1	inexpensive
1	Long zoom lens, Great features, great photos, Sturdy and well built
1	Light weight, Cristal clear sound, Long lasting Standby and talk time
0	not well-designed for taller people, locking latch is difficult, instructions, not good in rough terrain, price
1	Looks cool, has some neat games
1	none
1	Stores pictures on 3 1/2 &amp;quot; disks
1	4.10 Megapixels, Very good picture quality
1	Good looking, large ink cartridges
0	Buggy software drivers.
1	Size and weight, features, screen quality
0	none
0	No camera, not many features, no games
1	Indiglo display, dial-pad, menu, external display, phonebook, voice dialing and digital recorder.
1	Blue Light (enough said)
1	Lots of features
0	none
1	nice features
1	Easy to use, great pictures, lots of features for the price, good s/w.
1	Wonderful clear, sharp pictures with excellent coloring
0	Price, Resolution
1	Small, lightweight, sturdy, good reception and cool looking
1	Lightweight, great features, compact,  clear LCD and sound, easy to use with minimal instruction
0	They should have included a USB cable
0	large footprint, inadequate memory
1	Cheap but great quality. Pretty easy
0	confusing technical assistance
1	Great price, quality printing
1	Good Multifunction, solid performer - when it works
0	Speed, clarity at times
1	Quality Printing and Scanning
1	1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	costly (initial and maintenance)
0	UNRELIABLE
0	non-intuitive controls, slow serial connection
1	Easy to use, durable, great picture quality, few outside costs
1	hmmm?
1	Excellent quality printing; very user-friendly
1	Superb photo quality, strong flash, high magnification level
1	price, size, print quality
1	Nice color screen, changeable faceplates, flip design, camera attachment
0	Lacks Many Features
1	Economic, lots of features, replaceable covers.
1	Low price, USB connection, 8 mb RAM
0	Expensive, images not quite as sharp as high end 3MP camera, control joystick.
1	Full featured; Outstanding duplex speakerphone; Sharp Display; Battery life; PIM; Bluetooth technology
1	PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
0	The hinge brakes after 6 months of moderate use. Obviously, there's a design flaw.
1	Small, compact
1	Great for emailing instant photos to friends
1	Many features, but easy to use
1	It looked nice, was appealing
1	Low cost color printer
0	low resolution
1	Small, Quality Photos, Cheap, &amp;amp; Modular
0	Sound Isn't Clear, Dropped Calls, Poor Battery Life
0	No color display.
0	doesn't have polyphonic ringtones
1	works well the first few months
1	Great lense and options., Good ergonomics.
0	Paper jam-ups and misalignments; can't print nonstandard(custom) sheet sizes; documents tobe scanned mustbe superflat onglasstop
0	Heats up, bad menu for verizon, upgrade in April 2006.
0	Voice activation, small keys, poor battery life (after 24 hours, 5 calls it is dead).
0	Verizon Disabled Features
1	Decent quality scanning, 30 page auto document feeder, decent quality printing, cheap, good fax
1	great price,good quality
1	Fast to operate,great printing,easy to install to computer,wonderful for faxing
1	Awesome color prints
1	Compact Flash and Smart Media reader built-in, 4x6" paper tray
0	useless paper trays
0	Ink cartridges are expensive.
1	Fast, easy!
1	great photo quality, easy for beginners
1	Small,compact
1	Greatttttt pictures.  Good text.
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	Solid battery life, easy to use, good sound quality, feels more substantial than Razr.
0	Lens Cap Cover falls off
1	PRICE; LIGHTWEIGHT; SIMPLE TO OPERATE; PRETTY SILENT...
0	LOCKS UP!  NO BATTERY LIFE!  Metallic sounding voices.
0	Feeble bundled memory card
0	A little pricey
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	None
1	Well, it's cheap.
0	a little large...
0	No GPRS, polyphonic ring tones, bluetooth; heavy/bulky, poor phone performance; US only
0	harder to fold
0	Very poor reception, no normal ringers, tinny sound quality
0	Battery_life_when_using_camera,external_screen_doesnt_relly do_anything,_flip_moves_side_to_side_a_little bit.
0	No IR port
0	Printer causing BSOD with Win98!
1	Good print quality, good speed
0	Runs out of ink fast, poor color quality, scanner only scans papers
0	Horrible battery life, phone prone to defects
1	Excellent image quality
0	none
1	feature packed,nice price
1	inexpensive, and multiple benefits
0	name it. "reception", battery, silly menus, fragility, speaker, etc...
0	off center printing on some things
0	Very awkward interface, phone locks up, dim screen in sunlight, no SD card slot
0	battery killer!!!!!
0	Made for a small child (in my opinion), bends easily
1	Price, size, simplicity, great accessories, and more!
1	Very small, easy to use, great features, amazing battery life
0	Non-Standard Memory, Serial Interface
1	Easy to use. High quality for the price.
0	TOO MANY FUNCTIONS!!
1	Excellent Quality, Low cost of Ownership, Fast, EASY
0	Drains batteries quickly
1	inexpensive, but works well
1	size, and quality
1	Light, sturdy, compact, great sunhood, onehanded folding, brilliant for tall people &amp; cheap in UK.
1	Quality print, relatively fast, duplex included, GREAT photos!
0	keypad lock doesn't work when phone is off (i.e. keep from turning phone on)
0	I still think the prices I paid is to high.
1	Clear reception, Color screen, speaker phone
1	Small, Easy to use, Really clear pictures
1	compact!
1	Looks nice, fun lights, changeable face plates
0	Poor quality, holds hardly any paper.
1	compact, good battery life, Web access, speakerphone feature, voice dial feature, lighted keypad
1	picture quality, compact, quality
1	Inexpensive, Superb Quality.
0	battery life SUCKS!
0	none
1	Small, Colorful, Good Reception
1	Excellent image quality
1	Indiglo screen, good reception, small size, ringtones/vibrate excellent looks, easy-to-navigate menu's, price!
0	Expensive, needs a fast PC
1	Cool LCD, fair picture quality, TWAIN interface
0	Outrageously bad telephone support.
1	Easy to use and comes with everything to start taking beautiful digital photos.
0	has a software glitch in storing numbers
1	great image quality, tons of features, easy to use
1	Its zoom
0	Limited optical zoom
1	Packed with tons of features
1	nice print quality
0	haven't found any yet!
1	Ease of use, features, quality
0	Unreliable; Doesnt sync calender/phone/mail with computer
0	Wireless Web function is very hard to use.  No built in headset jack.
0	Price
0	none
0	Heavy.
0	Setting up the functions, doesn't ring long enough for me.
1	Great pictures. Very easy to use.
1	safe, strong, reliable, changing colors, extra features, longest talk time and standby time in the industry.
1	Good image quality.  Superior movie clip mode. Compact.
0	Ink is in one cartridge and cost 29 - 35 dollars each.
0	close ups hard to focus, battery loses charge even with camera off
0	Wow what a rip off
1	Cost and quality
0	Needs extra memory for hi res photos
1	convenient, safe carseat, comfort
1	speed, document size
0	Lousy reception, dropped calls, doesn't ring
0	Battery life
0	Beware of early phone crash
1	It was not expensive and it is easy to use.
1	High Speed, Very Quiet, Instant On Feature, Double Sided Printing
0	battery life, poor reception, looks aren't that great either
0	Hard to use, poor quality pictures, battery life.. ha ha.
1	Zoom, Weather Proof
0	Expensive - Bulky - lack of extras
0	Paper Jam, high defective rate
1	High quality, quick and quiet
0	The charging cradle unit does NOT work with the leather case on the phone.
1	Small, lightweight
0	Only 4 images per disk at highest res
1	Styling; Display.
1	Looks are great on this phone. Great video camera.
0	keypad light distracting, small buttons, on/off switch requires heavy hand
1	Easy compact and never need another roll of film
1	hands down the best for the buck: speed, resolution, quality
1	Optical zoom lens allowing for better low light photography, great picture quality, ease of use
0	Flimsy antenna, very basic
1	Bluetooth
1	Quick printer, perfect for the home office
0	Well, it's cheap.
0	EVF is very dark in low light situations
0	Will never buy another nokia
0	Noisy, costly printer cartridges
1	Customized ringer, speaker monitor, better earpiece and good, solid phone for the price.
1	none
0	not web enabled
1	sturdy body, pc connectivity, a lot of features, great tft screen, lens, power management, etc
1	Tiny, fits in pocket wonderfully. Very good pictures, battery life
1	affordable, good quality, good for projects, etc.
1	Slim body, great collection of features
1	compact, lightweight, flip-phone with camera
0	3x zoom is not true zoom.
0	battery life, somewhat hard to use display
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, easy to use
1	Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
1	Nice small size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Excellent image quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good battery life
1	Power management is great.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with real web power.
0	You need lots and lots of light to use this one.
1	Well built, fully supported, easy to install and use, etc.
0	Viewfinder scratches easily, comes with only a 16mb Flash card
0	Awkward to hold, limited photo space
1	compact and space saving
0	Poor reception. Flimsy antenna. No games. Expensive for nothing.
0	Difficult to hear, poor reception, hard to see screen in sunlight.
1	10x Optical Zoom, Image Stabilization, Great Controls
1	Compact and inexpensive
1	Intuitive menus, sleek design, good balance of features
1	Small, Lightweight, Changeable faceplates, downloadable ringtones, simple, easy-to-use
0	Poor battery life, bad menu design/interface, weak coverage by Nextel in non-metro areas and spotty coverage in metro-areas, fewer niceties than on comparable fones
1	Low price.  Convenient size and shape.
1	Feature Rich, compact size
0	Have to reinstall ink cartrages
0	You have to buy a special battery for this camera.
1	8x optical zoom, Rotatable lens, Large LCD screen
0	Sometimes the bells and whistles are too complicated.
0	Flaw in design that causes the printer to die in a short time
1	Stylish, a lot of features, reliable, user-friendly
1	Awesome printing quality, very quiet
1	Low price, small footprint, simple.
0	See Review Above
1	Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive and made just for beginners.
0	Bad reception (?), slow response, long "boot up", camera not built-in
1	Simple to use all-in-one machine, great quality
0	None in my experience
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures
1	Radio, Camera, Games, Customizable, Cool Design!
0	Nothing important
1	Tri-Mode, small, changeable face plates, inexpensive
0	Expensive black ink cartridge malfunction.  Color is disappointing.
0	Big cartridge means it costs a bit more to refill.  New cartridges are EXPENSIVE.
0	Big, Speaker phone not too usable.
0	Storage media limitations, focus and flash problems.
1	Cheap yet good quality, big ink cartridge
0	Very Poor customer service.
1	Great print quality and relatively fast
1	picture
1	Excellent Image Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Solid Build&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Automatic lens cover&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Unlimited length movie clips
1	All, the zoom, easy to use, and the resolution.
1	light; folds easily; sturdy; good height, also for men; smooth roller
0	Needs a more powerful zoom
1	Swivel lens, lightweight, movie mode, 3x optical zoom, innovative and sleek design
0	Expensive, difficult to turn off, minor phone annoyances
0	Battery Life is Not Long for One Charge
0	BAD sound quality (mic), Very slow, not responsive, low quality color screen
0	Complicated. Too small?
1	Fast, Pretty, Functional design.
1	Games, special rings
1	Photo quality, features
1	A lightweight and friendly camera that makes for snapshot taking and easy use.
1	stylish, small, tons of feature
0	NO OPTICAL ZOOM LENS
0	Driver could be better, sometimes has errors
1	Excellent picture quality, sturdy, simple, good options, good customer support
1	Stylish, SLIM, classy looking
0	none
1	Great buy for under $400, excellent pictures.
0	not a real wide color or pattern variety
1	Pocket size, color screen, Bluetooth capability, outstanding battery life.
0	like all digital cameras, dynamic range of contrast is poor compared to film
0	Like a bike, tires can go flat easily.
1	small, light, packed with features
1	inexpensive, indivual ink tanks, fast
1	No external antenna, good key size, lots of useful features
0	price
0	No twain
0	Low memory means restrictions on printing graphics
0	Ink replacement can be a bit expensive.
0	Duplexing issues. Slow PostScript printing.
0	Not the best choice for a business person.
1	Nice Design and looks great
0	VERY expensive
1	None
1	Very small, great look, very clear
1	Adequate for the money
1	Very Durable, easy to use, great pictures
1	Wonderful picture quality.
1	very lite, doesn't take up a lot of room
0	when putting it in your pocket, the antenna points more towards your body
0	Mobile doesn't work then all the cons
0	no lcd picture preview.
1	Small, loud ring, inexpensive for the new user
1	Nice color screen, great ringers, small..
0	not very sturdy at all, I almost broke it twice in 3 days
0	Not as fast as a laser printer
1	small,sturdy, light
0	see opinion
1	Compact size, ease of use, features
0	No advance features and no lens protector
0	finding space for it; found out the hard way I was out of ink
0	Expensive, no holographic display, average battery-life, takes getting used to the small size.
0	rate is a little high
0	The volume is a little low.
0	paper handling 
1	captures great images
1	Great print quality, nice overall look to the printer itself - it's awesome!
0	focus, no optical zoom lens, small buttons, lack of flexibility relative to competitor products
1	Digital Phone, with ability to send SMS messages and e-mail
0	CD errors resulting in lost photos, a bit bulky, long delay time between photos
1	It was free.  Good talk time.
1	Easy to use, nice software package.Takes great pics.
0	Copies dry a little slow sometimes so be careful
1	Not too many.
1	ease of use
0	Still a weak flash and somewhat poor/decent battery life.
0	na
1	Very fast text printing, Good quality pictures, , 2-sided printing, , Automatic Paper Type Sensor
1	Good Pics and a good all-around camera, except. . .
1	Holds picture of my kids
1	Great image quality, stylish, compact, take-anywhere, useful, impressive
1	quick and easy transfer to PC via USB cable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great quality Pictures
0	Digital zoom stinks (it's optical zoom is fine though).
0	Received audio is weak; some functions take lots of keypresses.
0	Pricey and a measly storage basket.
0	Read on.....
0	Bigger (than today's phones), Weight
0	Slower than a laser, small paper capacity
1	Superb physical design. Easy to use.  Terrific features.
1	Costs
1	Easy to use great quality pictures and inexpensive compared to others out there
0	cartridge costs should come down
1	Size, ease of use
0	Kinda Slow, price 
1	Good black text, nice and sharp., Vivid color graphics.
1	Small, reliable, long battery life
1	nothing worthy
0	A slow printer with low resolution and expensive ink cartridges.
1	all
1	Auto, pre-set Scene and Manual modes. Lithium rechargable battery and charger incuded. 4 MegaPixels. 
1	Good design; cool extra features like speakerphone, USB connectivity, & AIM
1	A very solid, reliable phone
1	Size, features, pixels
1	Cool look, lite, ring tones are loud!
1	Most feature-packed and aesthetically-pleasing phone for lowest price, with great call clarity.
0	Serial interface, strange battery
0	Often Misunderstood Capabilities, Reception Below-Average, Complex Menus
1	Good print quality
1	useful, several machines in one, no problems
0	Not something you can tuck under your arm if you're running to catch a train or subway, getting into a taxi, or just  when traveling. 
0	factory refurbished did not come with lens cap
0	Battery Life
1	how this think works
0	Gobs o' features can be a little overwhelming at first.
1	small, light weight, quick, excellent build quality, takes great pictures, can shoot movie clips
0	Good stuff:  Brand name, GREAT SUPPORT, Disks are easy to get, cheap and after figuring out what disk is what it is easy to transfer to a PC.  The range of quality is awsome, from standard to Fine pictures there is a range of stuff, also there is the abili
1	Nice flip cover, light weight,
1	I can take a ton of high res pictures on 1 cd
0	Slow in colour printing
1	Best small phone since the Nokia 262!
1	Easy to use, nice print quality
1	Fast, reliable, the best SLR Digital Camera made.
0	confusing buttons, terrible menu style, terrible ringers, TERRIBLE SCREENSAVERS.
0	Size, poor integration ergonomics&#13;&#10;Very weak ringer
0	Can't think of any!
0	No power switch, No tray to catch printed sheets
0	It falls apart way before you are done needing it!
0	none
0	Price, Weak Flash.
1	Size, ease of use, features to please most anyone
1	cheap
0	Software has strange quirks and it died after 60 days. Not happy!
1	stylish,durable,easy to customize,long battery life,lots of options and add ons
0	over-packaged, horribly expensive ink cartridges
0	Lens Cap needs a strap (already lost mine), Need a lot of accessories
0	low battery life, no optical zoom, digital zoom deteriorates picture quality
0	No optical zoom, hard to use "enter" key, long charge time, movies with-out sound
1	cheap, cheap, cheap. Excellent text and photo quality prints. 
1	InfoLithium Batteries, Memory Stick Pro, Carl Zess Lens, 5.24 MP
0	Short zoom
0	Poor headset design and no internal vibrate alert on phone itself
1	Small size, great reception, ergonomic design, loaded with features.
1	Portable size and great picture quality!
1	Comfortable, affordable, durable  compact for travel    
1	A LOT
0	Eats batteries (like most cameras), some sight problems.
0	a bit slow
0	Reception only average, poor menu system, lousy manual
1	Ethernet capable, fast, high resolution output
1	Lots functions, nice price, nice look, nice size...  you get the point.
1	Big bright screen, solid construction, easy buttons, intuitive operation
1	Web Enabled
1	Big color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
0	Too large to wear comfortably, static
1	High resolution and fast printer for a great price.
1	Zoom, ease of use, zoom, digital eyepiece, did I mention zoom?
0	A smidge large, slightly spotty button backlighting, menus not as slick as Samsung's
0	2CR5 battery, 8MB included CompactFlash Card
0	slower than quoted, dark photo output
0	NO SPEAKER PHONE, NOT DUAL MODE.
0	Slow color printing. Adding paper was difficult at first.
1	small, sturdy, dependable
0	Shuts itself off on occasion, without warning
0	An ink hog, noisy, unreliable print quality
1	all in one device
0	Price of accessories.
1	Excellent camera
0	Paper jams more often than amount of prints made!
1	Color screen is great, downloads are fun, battery life is very good, phone is light
0	Weight, Size
1	Light weight, easy opening/ closing.
0	view finder doesn't always come on
0	Poor construction, serious static and connection problems
1	Worldwide roaming, good speakerphone
0	Expensive ink, Goes through ink quickly, slow
0	Different shape, $$
1	Printing quality, Speed, Multitasking, Cost-effective, HP reliability
1	Easy to use, great pictures, 6x zoom, Light weight, AA batteries, and intuitive menus , 
0	short battery life, just okay reception
1	Dependable
1	easy to wash padding, easy to use
1	Sturdy, speakerphone
1	Easy to use, compact, great quality in daylight, simple transfer, easy menus.
0	SLOOOOOW firmware, poor navigation, tiny/difficult buttons
1	Easy to use and maintain.  
0	Always having to take the  book around if your a forgetful person
0	No AC adapter
0	small keys
0	No zoom
0	Somewhat slow printing.
1	Price, picture quality, ease of use
0	Small multiple use buttons.
1	sleek, durable battery, pretty
0	NONE
1	Low cost, easy set up
1	Speed, Quality, Separate Ink Tanks
0	Poor paper hanlding
1	Remarkable photo print quality.
1	Inexpensive unit, excellent color print quality
0	large/clunky compared to pure GSM phones, no built-in headset jack, etc.
0	scanning software, scanner is very loud on return motion
1	Fast PPM, Easy Set-up, Output is dry, great manual
1	quality print
1	Picture quality, ease of use, features.
1	clarity, ease of use, lcd, flash
1	Lightweight, long zoom AND macro!, manual and automatic settings, GREAT flash, much more!
1	Small, lightweight
0	may not be the best for intricate graphics
1	good basic phone without a lot of useless features
0	ink cartridges hard to find/are expensive, my scanning part is slow now
1	Ease of use, picture quality, decent software provided.
0	Not really a con, but I learn something new about it everyday
1	Great all-around digital camera, cool looking, macro focus, fun!
1	small light weight
1	Great Quality photos, Solid feel. large # of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Memory Card, USB+.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Eats batteries, but one can easily determine ways to save on energy drain.
1	Great photo printing!!
0	STYLE NOT VERY ATTRACTIVE
1	Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use
1	Fast, Precise, High Quality
0	Poor access to phone features, GSM coverage, phone sound and camera quality, Bluetooth nonstandard.
1	Pictures, Product construction, Battery life
1	Great pictures, compact design, super fast auto focus
0	Semi-intuitive user interface; Okay battery life; Poor user manual
0	Heavy. Don't drop it, plastic case, but as good as the N65!
1	Easy to use... light... compact... only keep the pics you want... idiot-proof!
1	One device to carry, good features, well-integrated phone and PDA features.
0	No paper manual for reference
0	No hot shoe.  Slow recycle time
1	Excellent black and white printouts. NO smudge. Sharp graphics. Long lasting toner.
1	Very easy to use and download pictures with supplied software
0	Manual could be a little more user-friendly
1	vivid colors, astonishing picture quality and details, great design and ergonomics, USB
1	Beautiful print quality at first
1	Great Picture Quality, easy to use. 
1	faster, accufeed paper handling, USB support 
0	only 1.3 megapixel
0	No memory slot.
1	Sexy urban design, definite show off to friends..everything about it is great
0	A little big and heavy...
0	Eats batteries like candy. Supplied Memory stick is only 4mb. No rechargeable batter included.
0	None that matter for real considering the overall value.
0	N/A
0	Not a very good printer when printing photos
0	Goes through Batteries FAST!! 
0	Not many choices feature wise
1	Price, quality of printing, quiet operation
0	Speakerphone needs work for car use
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
1	Easy menu navagation
1	Price, Ease of Use, GREAT Photo Quality, Easy Pic Transfer Software, Lightweight.
0	price
0	Expensive ink cartridges $30-40
1	Small size, picture quality
0	Cannot activate speakerphone until after call is placed, no bluetooth
1	PRICE,FEATURES AVAILABLE, SIZE,
1	Small cost. Takes only as much space as a standard printer. Great print quality.
0	Positioning of the volume and mic trigger on the outside of the phone. Belt clip.
1	Small size, excellent picture quality, 2 megapixel is more than enough
0	no protective cover on LCD,questionable low-light capabilities,many settings
0	Dropped calls, Screen size small for Internet
1	Small, Lighweight, Generally good photo's, decent zoom
0	Doesn't work very often
0	Extremely short battery life, some connection errors to PC, small CF card included.
1	A phone you can trust for its functionality and construction
0	Not intuitive, big (for today), unstable
0	Reliability, durability, battery life, construction.
0	Slllowwwwww, unable to really multi-task
1	lightweight and very reliable
1	Global Reach, Email, Lightweight, Easy To Use
0	no flash, no zoom
1	The most stylish phone you can get that isn't a Vertu.
0	Sketchy written documentation.  CD ROM is somewhat Better
1	small, light, great sound, phone book, calender, too much to list!
0	not for high volume copiers
0	None that I have found!
1	very high quality images, compact size
1	4 in 1 all you need.........
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
1	Handy All-In-One Digital Camera
1	Easy to use, good quality photos, plug and play software
0	Filters unavailable (to my knowledge)
1	Cheap, butt-simple, fine for most Web applications, good bundled software
1	quite small and thin
0	Giant & heavy; turgid reception & battery life; few features
1	Small size, great design, interchangeable faceplates
1	Great screen and features
1	Lightweight
0	need to have computer print directly to printer at first, then can select print spooler once it works
1	Inexpensive, excellent 1 megapixel image quality for the price, well built
0	Buttons are a little unwieldy, camera is low quality, and bluetooth is not fully functional.
1	2MB MEM, flash, LCD display
0	size
0	Ink runs quickly. Noisy. Slow warm up.  Ink not water resistant.  USB-only,
1	Weight
0	None
1	Picture quality, takes Microdrive, feature rich
0	Batteries run out really quickly,
1	Easy to use and wonderful quality.
1	Speed, print quality, easy installment
0	Verizon banners, poor speakerphone, flat buttons
1	small, takes great pictures, solid construction, great price
1	Great print quality, easy to set up and use, fair price.
0	Insufficient resolution for 8x10 prints. Poor zoom quality beyond 2X.
1	Changeable faceplates
1	Small, good pictures, default options work well
1	size, easy to use, good screen
1	You are able to talk to people!!!
1	good specs; completely automatic; detailed images with excellent colour; mindlessly easy use; 2x optical zoom
0	Optical viewfinder, Included CF card too small to be practical, Canon's ZoomBrowser software
1	Convenient, easy to operate, easy to maintain.
0	The flash on the camera could be better... but its a phone, not a camera
1	CD-R 156 mb disks!  and a great zoom
0	Paper jams frequently, drinks ink like water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	Didn't come with a holster or bluetooth headset.  Can't record videos.
1	Great image results; many options; lots of storage
0	Won't work well with older computers, support is difficult
0	Can't think of one....
1	compact, easy access voicemail, long battery life
1	Speed, Quality, Noise Level, Construction
1	small, simple, cheap
1	Excellent camera for nearly all uses
0	On the heavy side. undercarriage basket too small.
1	10 x Zoom, Built in floppy drive, LCD screen, Form Fitting to you hand, you can delete the pictures you don't want from the camera, multiple picture options
1	Call Quality, lots of features including a Planner, Durable, E911, built-in answering machine
1	Beautiful screen.
1	Easy to use, lightweight
0	Low, Low, did I say low volume on both ring and ear speaker.
1	Light weight, great signal quality, awesome ring tones, headset connector, PC connectivity, speakerphone
1	Vibrant color screen, tri mode, and 150% improvement!
1	Spectacular photo quality output potential
0	Unreliable, Poor quality control, ridiculous view finder, weak flash
1	Excellent phone, sleek, full-color, tri-band
0	battery life
0	Overpriced for what you get. Flimsy antennae
1	simple, quick!
0	occasional fuzzy spots
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	No AC adapter, Serial only--no USB, poor flash
0	Doesn't print too often.
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
0	Price of ink cartridges, speed of printing
1	Light, cool looking, nice phonebook features
0	Too many to list here. Read the review.
0	Tiny screen.
1	Awesome entry level unit.  Easy to use.
0	Long intiation
1	Sharp, rich pics; tons of great features; high build quality
0	not enough internal memory
0	Expensive,not easy for more people to enjoy. Small,and easy to take with. 
0	none
1	size, metal casing, great looks, outside caller id and info screen, tri-band GSM, GPRS
1	Excellent price.  Free hands free earpiece.  Text messaging.  Internal antenna.  Decent reception.
1	Super cute exterior, small size, blue led
0	Definitaly use  an Adapter
1	Skinny, non slip coating,vivid display.Nice tactile.
0	slow
1	Affordable
0	Terrible zoom, fixed focal length
0	Built in flash is weak (like all point and shoot cameras)
0	none
0	Maybe a little TOO small for some, small screen
1	Fantastic pictures, saves money over the long run, instant gratification
0	8 meg memory card, no video/audio recording
1	It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
1	Styling, user interface, battery life, infra-red communication, integrated speaker.
0	Weak flash, poor battery life
1	Superb quality. See my full review for more details.
1	Lots of great features, audio and video options along with storage are great.
0	Gotta find a belt clip somewhere
1	Very small and light, excellent quality, affordable
0	none
0	Bit pricey
0	Larger phone, circular keypad requires learning curve
0	Potentially weak LCD screen
1	It makes calls, takes pics, has bluetooth
1	Great outdoor photos, lens pulls in tons of light, good functionality
1	Great picture quality, powerful enough to be fully automatic or to allow you complete control.
1	ring tones, many menu options, voice dial, loud ringing
0	No optical zoom
0	Could look better, saves phone numbers to phone memory (not on SIM) by default
1	color screen, address book, perfect size,, crisp display, easy to use, flip styling
1	Flashing lights, customizable look, easy to use, durable, good reception
0	Poor speaker quality, poor signal strength, ringtones too cutesy, forget about the vibrate feature.
1	ergonomic design, easy for amateurs, tons of features
0	none
0	It Lies To You
0	buggy USB driver
0	Hmmm... gets lost easily
0	everything
1	Durability, interface, sound quality
1	Quick, easy to use.
0	Larger than my last
1	small size, rechargeable batteries, good zoom, great playback, easy to use
0	The screen is not easy to read in direct sunlight.
1	small, easy to use
1	Superb color, outstanding Macro, easy to use auto features
1	inexpensive, lightweight, video recording capable, 8 Megs, 500 Photos or 4.5 mins
0	Does not come with AC adaptor, zoom makes images a little fuzzy
0	Expensive ink cartridges, flimsy construction
0	none found
0	Camera stopped working right after my warranty expired, No Features no pc interface
1	 Carl Zeiss Lens, portability, versatility, creative options
0	Poor photo quality printing, cannot network with other computers in the house
1	quality, reliability and price
1	Good Image Quality, Expandable Memory, Easy to use
0	What cons?  Do you know something I don't know?
1	Small, User-friendly, Intuitive, Good battery life
1	size, simplicity
1	easy to plug in...
1	Specs sound good (better than reality)
1	Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. Can use instant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
0	Could use better picture quality
1	Backlighting, clear reception, fewer dropped calls, excellent display
1	Great picture quality. Excellent low-light performance.  Easy to use.
1	Excellent image quality, quality Nikon construction, many features, many accessories available, good heavy construction
1	GPS, Direct Contect,Java,Very Large Screen
1	Easy to use and clear reception
1	Can't think of any.
0	expensive, complicated menu functions
0	32 Meg stick standard, little pricey.
0	Lack of advanced tech...maybe
0	too slow, cartridges expensive
0	not USB, needs some extras
1	Blue tooth,infrared,Modem,VGA Camera, VGA Screen,Video Recorder,Gr8 Picture quality,Tri Band,Speaker Phone &16 MB Memory
1	Small size, incredibly sturdy, external date, time & caller ID, long battery life, alarm.
1	Easy to use, high quality
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to use, 3x zoom
0	pseudo-perfect picture quality, fairly expensive ink
1	Nice prints (Especially color pictures)
0	Cons ?,Cons ?, Seriously,I have only minor gripes with small C/F card supplied.
0	horrible sound quality. bad speaker phone. when calls are dropped it won't hang up.
0	USB-cable offloading of IMGs is problematic; 'SmartMedia' storage cards are pricey; no image stablization.
0	WISH IT WAS A &quot;&quot;WORLD PHONE&quot;&quot;
1	Rock reliable, extendable antenna, inexpensive, good performance
1	Cost, Speed, Quality, Service
1	Up to Large format paper, fade resistant dyes and papers, fast, quiet, 6 color printing
0	none.
0	Printing speeds are industry average. May consume ink fast, depending on how you customarily print.
0	Can't use Recharge Batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Bad Battery life
1	Nice color screen with simple easy to use menu.
0	Poor Battery life, slow processor speed, faded lcd screen.
0	HQ Video Only Lasts 15 seconds, only 8 mb stick included
0	Has an annoying habit of showing "card door open" error. 
0	The unit is HUGE! bad reception, lacking of important features
1	Durable-dropped it at least 23 times and still kicking, small
1	use floppy disks
1	lightweight, simple interface, autotimer, video out
1	Nice features available.
0	Poor Quality Digital Zoom. No sound on Movie - But That's it!
1	does work w/ WIN XP
0	still uses 2 seperate ink cartridges
0	placement of shutter button in front of the power switch... I turn it off often, instead of snapping the picture.  But it's still new to me... I'll get used to it
0	Small paper tray, expensive ink cartridges, always a new &amp;amp; better model on the market
0	none to speak of
0	The camera only came with a 110 Volt charger. It burned up the first day in England, even though we had a converter. Toshiba is not yet shipping the 220V model, and as a result I had to buy a multi-voltage charger at a camera store in the UK. When I return
1	Nothing spectacular - just another phone
1	I liked the SGH R225 because it was very light and had  good design.
0	noise, speed
0	Expensive
0	Ringtone ramp time, lack of 'officially supported' sync software
1	Easy to use, many options, light weight, most pictures are clear and look good.
0	Could have better sound quality, no color screen
1	relatively fast, relatively quiet, easy to change toner, separate black and color cartridges
1	Great design, razor-sharp imaging, many features
1	4.0 megapixel, price, ease of use
0	Small screen, no Polyphonic ringers, antenna is a tad big.
1	Great colour screen that can be seen in daylight.
1	Photorealistic prints, Price, Quality
0	uses CPU for image processing
0	zoom moves way to fast, see the review for more cons.
1	good pictures, even with 'point and shoot'
1	None
0	Even the "High resolution" pictures are very poor quality.
0	Battery life could be longer (use rechargeables); 128 memory card=120 photos!
0	fare in low light conditions, flash isn't very strong
1	Personalize your phone in many way
0	Some chromatic aberration (purple fringing)
0	Price
0	No AC adapter included
0	No USB sync, backlight poor
0	LCD screen can't be used in daylight.
1	-Bluetooth headset included
0	Ugly menu
1	TOUGH, beautiful, classy, works great at home (Hawaii) and when I'm in Europe, love it!
1	Cheap. Available. Works with my network. Inexpensive 3rd party accessories.
1	Colorful, voice recognition
0	dropped calls, hard to use for some
1	Full featured, has everything and some.
1	made by HP,4-in-1
0	Big and clunky, Short battery life, possible downloading problems, difficult software.
1	great keypad, flip, voice dialing, style.
0	A little larger than it's predecessor the 8260. Faceplates chip easily.
0	Larger than average size
1	VERY nice color and image quality.
1	Small, fairly easy to use, very easy to upload to computer
1	easy to operate
0	Somewhat grainy indoor/low light pictures, small flash range and some red eye
1	Good quality reproduction without smearing or blotching.
1	Saturated, sharp images at all resolutions, twist-style body
0	short battery life
0	Auto focus in low light and flash isn't great when using the zoom.  Typical with most auto-focus cameras.
0	1 year it didn't turn on again.
1	B&amp;amp;W Print speed, Low Cost, Paper feeding
1	Small, light weight, you can load ring-tones, pics, surf the web.
1	Easy to use, cheap, decent display
1	Good text.
1	Ringtones; Pictures; Wallpaper; Screen Savers; Covers;
1	Tiny! Metal case. Comes w/battery.
1	good black and white copier, ink cartridges cheaper than most, can copy without a PC
1	Great style.Spacious keyboard. Beautiful screen.Hands-free phone without the use of a headset is good.
1	Easy installation, easy hookup, great price
1	A decent basic phone, good capacity memory for contacts, decent basic camera.
0	wish it had more zoom
0	Comes with only a black ink cartridge. , Stopped feeding paper after 6 months., 
1	inexpensive
1	Small size, standard AA batteries, web cam ability, lens cover, easy to use
1	Highly customizable, excellent feature set, compact size.
1	Just about Everything!
1	A medium priced printer with  high priced features.
0	Battery life, text messaging is inferior to other carriers, bulky antenna, cannot fit in pocket.
0	On/off button, speaker phone mic works poorly
1	very durable, extremely clear
1	CD-R may be the Digital Image storage media of the future.
0	Power use, view finder, movie sound, availability, PRICE.
1	Great image size options, good quality pictures and excellent battery life.
0	Everything!
1	Small, easy to use, can't loose the lens cap.
0	A little pricey at $180 now.  No tri-mode capability
0	No lens cover
0	Poor reception, drops calls, gets hot, scratches very easily, not durable
0	I can't think of any, I guess it could be cheaper.
0	various
0	Soul Stealing side effect not listed in warnings
0	color quality wasn't great
1	Inexpensive, Color, multifunction, convenience
1	takes great pictures
0	Annoying ring tones, which are often too loud. Can not feel vibrating in pocket.
0	Somewhat awkward in hand, menus need improving, long antenna, small buttons, games worthless
1	Great Device
1	One less item to carry; it's a topic of conversation.
1	Easy to use. Software is simple, uncomplicated
0	Terrible customer service.
0	A disaster! Software crashed my computer.
1	Convenient, profiles, good charger
1	Lightweight, small size, solid build, ease of use.
0	WAY too expensive
1	Great camera, Doesn't cost a lot, Takes movies, Many shooting scenes
0	Bad sound, speakerphone, a few awkward buttons.  Not for people who use it constantly.
0	too many.
1	Compact and easy to open and close.
1	Nice displays, well thought out
0	Problems loading driver for XP. No cables supplied. 
1	Low price, ease of operation
1	An inexpensive printer, comes with 2 cartridges. Nice program. 
1	Low cost, ease of software use, compact
0	ink cost
1	Tons of features, easy to use, fantastic resolution
1	Compact, camera (still&video), decent battery life
0	bulky
0	A lot of people have the same phone.
0	pay long distance for tech support
1	GPRS, WAP, HSCSD, Bluetooth, IrDA, small/stylish design, large phonebook memory, FEATURES & MORE FEATURES
0	very noisy
1	Very inexpensive, turns itself on/off, small, quiet, ink system, free USB cable, name brand.
0	lightness makes it feel wobbly
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	Beautiful casing, extremely fast printing
0	need more zoom!
1	Competitive pricing, excellent print quality
1	small, a lot of features
1	sleek looking, slide rotator
0	Price
0	Phone seems to heat up
1	Price
0	Torturous belt clip; battery on its last breath; no alarm clock.
0	pic quality and eats batteries
0	Blurry, contrast, lack of colors
0	Pictures resemble the artwork of fetus holding a dry paintbrush
0	cartridge price, size of printer
0	Bright screen/color display drains battery, didn't come with travel charger
1	Great quality, super quiet, CHEAP
1	fast, powerful, easy to install
1	fast, easy setup
0	bulky
0	Where should I start........cheap....
0	cant print high quality  true to life pictures
0	Rebate ending soon!
0	Scan refuses to work.  Incompatible with Windows XP.  Compatibility software written by Xerox inadequate. 
1	Ease of general use; compact size; good quality pictures for the price
0	must purchase $25.00 cable for installation
0	None really.
0	None that I can think of
0	Not as compact compared to flip phones, Small Display
0	No color screen, some hard to figure out features, outside ringer control problem
1	Inexpensive, Fun, quick and easy!
1	Compact, light, and easy to use...
0	Loud and sometimes slow
1	Started off nice
0	poor quality images, it's slow, more work that any other printer, it brakes, its discontinued... to list a few
0	none!
1	Great pictures
1	Easy to use, very versatile, excellent picture
0	Hard to get stuff in and out of bottom basket.  Price.
0	Menu system a mess, itap messages, small screen. lack of functions.
0	Slow color printing, expensive toner.
1	Good speed, nice output, can't beat the price
1	Price, size, ease of use.
0	Somewhat bulky, service can be expensive
0	The paper port does not have writer capabilities.
0	The extensive array of dials and buttons can be confusing; image quality isn't top dog
1	3 wheels are better than 4
0	Expensive ink cartridges, Waste lots of ink clearing clogs
0	None
1	Its small and compact
0	Replacement ink cartridges
0	Weak Flash, HoHum Optics, Decent Battery Life, Lack Features vs. competition
0	Drivers N/A from HP.com and seems to loose drivers after reboot.
0	Cost of operation
1	Compact, easy to use
1	can be used as a web cam
1	good service
1	International capability, great battery life if you aren't compulsive about talking a lot.
0	none
1	Great design, FM radio, "PhoneWrap" compatible, good signal strength, cheap price.
0	battery power
0	Small viewing screen
0	hard to see through viewfinder in bright light. drains batterys quickley
0	Print quality, speed, paper feed
0	Poor battery life, huge size, poor features
1	Easy to setup, beautiful color printouts, good compatibility with XP
1	None that compel me to write about
1	light weight, maneuverable, extendable handles
0	The old FD-81 could take 60 seconds of uninterupted mpegs, this one can only do 15 second.
1	very affordable
1	Great camera for the money
1	Many features, smart sim card, price
1	Exceptional quality, very versatile,very affordable
1	Same size as a regular camera, Lightweight, Easy to use
0	Power switch hard to use. Viewfinder a little off-center.
0	PRINTER DRIVERS; No power button
0	&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;USB cable NOT included&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;; Noisy startup and shutdown; Color quality NOT the greatest.
0	Slow, Ink runs out fast
0	hard to download rings
0	leather case comes off, hard to learn features, must remove case to charge.
1	Sharp optics.  Easy to use.
1	Worldwide GSM,&#13;&#10;Ultracompact size, &#13;&#10;Attractive brushed-aluminum casing, Infrared modem &#13;&#10;
0	cost of the ink.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to use, great pictures, simple directions, download is not quick and easy, works like a regular camera when taking photos
1	Pictures are perfect, nice small well built body
0	proprietary battery, shutter lag
0	A little slow
1	Qwerty keyboard.
0	Lasted one cyle of batteries and died
1	chic construction, mp3 ringtones, great screen, beautiful earpiece sound
0	Goes through batteries quickly if you don't watch it!
1	Low price, average printer, scanner, and copier function with good fax capabilities, easy to use control panel and easily read LCD, good amount of memory for memory fax reception
1	Great print quality, diverse paper tray, fast printer, HP warranty and quality, low consumables cost
0	bad zoom
0	Drains batteries quickly
0	large for car trunk, squeaky wheels, baby food tray scratched.
1	Great bang for your buck.  Inexpensive. 
0	Some software glitches.
1	Simple to use; LCD display; good picture quality
1	You control how simple or how complex you want the camera to be.
0	Is there any? --- Read what I have to say
0	Camera had to be repaired after 31 days of ownership.
0	more expensive to print pictures
1	Nice quality output, quiet, quick
1	Fast text printing. Good quality image printing. 
1	easy to use, e-mail, messages, alarm clock, etc.
0	No neck strap, flash could be better
1	Great battery life and super speakerphone
0	Only a VGA camera (but the pics are good for being VGA), No expandable memory
1	Cheap, easy to use. Good for web pictures.
0	CRAP CRAP CRAP
1	Voice recording is great.
0	High cost of black ink
0	No USB support, no optical zoom, no non-compressed file format
0	short battery life
1	Ease of use, 4 MegaPixs, Great Pics
1	fairly economical for the features, easy to use, good results
1	portable, lightweight, maneuvers like a dream, a cinch to fold
1	Good quality construction, good reception and compatibility with my old v120c accessories.
1	Picture Quality, Continuous Shooting, Customizability, Pretty Good Video with Good Sound, 
0	A little pricey, manual is terrible
0	a little hard to hold 
0	Would not be good for production printing
1	it is a light wieght phone with many options
1	User-friendly interface, more options than earlier models, SIM card
0	Paper jams occasionally
0	There isn't any
1	Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life (very very good) &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to use, great digital display.  Takes great photos
0	Lens vulnerable to dirt and damage, no neck strap
1	Print quality, ease of use and set-up,features
0	price
0	Short battery life, no extra features
1	It's an Olympus.
1	Rugged Body
1	Sleek, stylish, not heavy, reasonably priced, sturdy, I haven't had trouble with it...
1	Easy to Use, Large LCD Screen, Great In-Camera Menu, Great Resolution, Very Adequate Zoom, Easy to Change Compact Flash Card.
0	Heavy, poor reception, phone part can be tricky to operate with one hand.
1	Great Price. Ebay has a lot of them.
0	Coverage in rural areas (AT&amp;T), small speaker
0	clarity, ease of use, and low cash value.  Skip it if possible.
1	Durable build, tons of options, responsive menus, great reception
0	multi-step process to delete images, battery is not rechargeable, only 8Mb memory included
0	Pictures not the best.
1	Fast, sharp and clear graphics
1	Low price for a kids starter camera
0	Goes through ink quickly
0	Battery drains almost instantly
0	none
0	Battrey time short; F-stop not controbable; memory available is limited to 16mg.
0	battery life, optional ac adaptor, up close pic quality
0	Small screen, hard to see screen in bright sunlight.
0	Software, speed, reliabilty
1	Great pictures, good focus, small size, compact, durable
0	Unlocked Version is Quirky and Unfriendly
0	No NiMH batteries, charger or case included w/ camera 
0	low DPI
0	Short battery life
0	but its just not big enough
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when light hits it.
0	Ink cartridges are more expensive
0	Calls not clear at times...battery goes pretty fast, too.
0	Low battery life, poor reception
1	1.8f lens, AA batteries, excellent quality images
1	Sharp lens, battery life, rugged construction, responsive controls
1	Excellent picture quality. Ability to record live motion video w/audio.
1	easy to set up, good for small printing jobs
1	high resolution color prints, fast, easy to set up
0	Tad pricey, very slow to take picture
0	Only USB (no parallel) connectivity, ink cartridges are pricey
0	LCD Scratches Easily, sub-standard picture quality, battery life
0	Pricey, metamerism too evident (shifts to green too much), painfully slow, consumes too much ink.
1	Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity
1	nice photo prints; print from flash card
1	Very compact and light
0	Makes awkward load noises while inserting paper and turning it on.
0	Audio noise in movie mode, 2x zoom, 20-second movies, 2.1 MPixel
1	extended battery, excellent compatibility, quality document outcome, wireless portability
0	Close-up capability
0	hard to get into the basket and no 5 point harness
0	Lots of dropped calls & cutoffs, but that could've just been Cingular
0	Wheels could be bigger, or air.
0	very buggy software
1	Great Pictures, Easy to Download
0	use of features, batter life
0	Nothing major
1	Light weight, well padded, very roomy, beautiful fabric...
0	Storage net is difficult to access.  Pricey for a travel stroller.
1	When it is working, it is spectacular.
1	ergonomics, pretty
1	Small Size, Battery Life, Auto lens cover, MPEG Movie 
1	light, cheap, macro shots, 
0	Weak signal - dropped calls and inconsistent connections
0	No Internet capabilities. Size.
1	PhotoRetII/III is trully the BEST printing tech currently avilable. Semi-Prof Photo output.
1	Great pics, no waste.
0	cam broke/wont upload battery drainer NOT MAC/usb supported
0	slow, bad color reproduction
1	Inexpensive, Fast, Reliable, Easy
0	Battery Life, Looks, Earpiece heats up, heavy for a fliptop, Crappiest Manual for a phone.
0	No cables, economy cartridges
1	Ultra-compact size,, 3x zoom,, Nice solid design,, 2" screen
0	You can get a much better phone and camera today for the retail price
0	Ugly headset plug, not really an update
0	Drains batteries and viewfinder provides a deceiving image
1	Great features, small package
1	Fantastic value, great images, solid camera, GREAT company, EXCELLENT customer service (read my 5/20/2000 update)
0	cell range, falls out of hip holster
1	Easy, zoom lens, no computer hookup,
0	Included belt clip, Hands Free is not so Hands Free
1	GREAT PHONE, Lots OF FEATuRES, Multiple Rings, VIBRATE ALeRT!!
1	user friendly, great computer pics, many menu options
0	Short delay in image capturing once you press the shoot button.  Drains batteries quickly.
1	Bluetooth, reception, expandability, decent camera
1	Was fun to play with at first!
0	heavy and bulky, a nuisance to carry around on vacation secondary to its size and weight
1	Great image resolution and some ability to manipulate
0	annoying side button noise, a bit bulky, bad organizer, currency converter, cingular branding annoying
1	high resolution, speed, quiet, compact size, user friendly
0	The antenna, lack of ringing tones
1	Sound quality is excellent, user interface is friendly, graphics are top notch, great camera!
0	none for my use  - maybe for use with PC
0	Price may sway some but long term value is worth it.
1	excellent printer, excellent photos, excellent tech support
1	MP3 player, camera, good antenna, video camera, lots of memory space.
0	Not a good choice to do pictures or color.
1	Price is coming down.
1	Cheap, Robust, USB connection, flash, cheap to run
0	Very fragile antenna, lots of static, unimpressive battery life.
0	EVF hard to see in low light, weak lens cap, always resets frame numbering
1	Takes a 3.5&amp;quot; disk
1	Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
0	No flash, marginal lens.
0	not enough instructions
0	Have two change from black to color cartridge.  
0	No speakerphone, no camera (but it's not a camera phone!)
1	amazing photo images
1	Wide range of features included
1	small size, does everything with ease, user-friendly
1	easy use, super quality
1	size without extra battery
0	sony accessories cost an arm-and-a-leg
1	Small, light weight design and a colorful display.
0	None, performance wise.
0	See Opinion
0	NOT MAC COMPATIBLE (except OSX)
1	Compact, good quality  sharp pictures.
1	LARGE color screen, customizable wallpaper & ring-tones, sharp appearance.
0	finding batteries that last!
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
0	Made in Phillipines, No Physical Manual
0	Burns batteries like the sun...
0	none so far
0	Paper jams, double-feeds, printing envelopes
0	Speaker could use more power, standard battery runs out fast.
0	not very many
1	The phone to own!
1	grate photo on glossy paper.
0	Not GSM 1800, really dense menus
1	Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
0	Everything else
1	It isn't lots of money and it's a way of getting pictures onto the computer.
0	Noisy and difficult to use
0	Image capacity/storage, no optical viewfinder.
0	Cartridge Cost
1	&lt;b&gt;Probably the most versatile and near perfect camera for the non-professional.&lt;/b&gt;
1	small, convinent , easy to use , high quality live imagez &amp; picturez
0	not the smallest cell phone available
1	It is easy to use, has many options, under $500, takes nice quality pictures. 
1	none
1	Most bang for your buck, AF assit lamp, excellent images, ease of use.
0	Cheaply build, a little noisy, not fast, but what do you expect?
1	Good automatic mode, nice features and easy to use
0	ink cartridges run out rather quickly, not as fast as commercial printers
1	Voice helper, excellent quality
0	Flimsy, no silent "MUTE," poor reception, screen breaks and blacks out.
0	OCR software is weak, Printing is slow, scan size limitations, no usb cord.
0	none
1	Cheap price
1	Fast, good quality, easy to use
1	Size, voice dialing capability, accessories
0	Its hard to manipulate if you take it in large crowds
0	low quality pictures no flash
0	Digital Cameras are still not very Rugged. Take Care
0	Uses proprietary OS, Included earpiece not up to par, phone could use Bluetooth technology.
0	none
0	No neck strap,only 8mb memory stick
0	Images need color and/or brightness correction, little to no zoom.
0	none
0	carts are expensive, color is desirable, somewhat slow
1	lightweight, one-handed, all-in-one system
0	flash is not overpowered, 7-8 second recycle time
0	Ring tones are not loud enough, internal battery
0	Having to buy the ink
0	Bulky, not 35mm quality
1	Good prints, ok price, easy setup.
1	powerful. many features. quality pics
1	Sturdy, Small, Made By Nokia.
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	No screen cover on camera
0	not durable ink tanks
0	Low battery life
1	works with xp, easily adjustable for paper thickness, perfect print quality both text and photo
1	Great portable printer, fast
1	Inexpensive, easily hooks up to the television for viewing
1	Great quality printing
1	Very convenient, especially for infants.  Very durable.
0	none
0	slow printing
1	Low cost, excellent print quality, wonderful customer support.
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
1	petite, practical, picture quality
1	Small, very clear voice quality, comfortable to use, nice display, very stylish.
1	None, except maybe it's inexpensive.
0	Night indoor photos don't look good
1	Free (with service activation), cheap accessories available online
1	near photo quality, price, decent speed
0	yes
1	Microdrive
1	low price, quality
1	Excellent size, good integration, stable
0	terrible headset connector, high radiation level, no vibrate
0	Sometimes the paper feeds on an angle
1	Graphics and clarity
1	sleeky,good
0	Expensive
1	High quality construction and performance, solid features.
1	Small size, cuteness factor
0	havent found a bad thing yet
1	Easy Storage of pics, easy operation use, great for websites
0	Doesn't have any games, cannot download ring tones
0	Only USB connection to computer.
0	no external flash hook up
1	Small.  Light.  Feature/Function packed.
0	4096 colors, MMS no sound, 4 chord ringtones , no built-in camera, pop-port, SLOW!
0	Very heavy.  Can't think of anything else.
1	Fast, High quality
0	Limited Ring Options
0	The paperfeed is slightly small and tight.
1	Compact, 600dpi, parallel cable included, great value.
0	Is it a scanner or not?
1	Attractive, good size, easy to navigate, great volume, and more...
1	Great features for the price.
1	Cheap Hardware, 6 month ago $ 135 and a $ 50 Rebate
0	Complicated, awkward, short battery life
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	prints slow when reslution is set high
1	Many features.
0	not as good as the PowerShot S10
0	It use to come with a 20MB card and now only an 8 MB card.
0	Slightly fuzzy plain-paper output, no USB cable, slow to start up
0	Speed, quality
0	Not Web Enabled
0	Easy To use , and Elegant black
1	It's 99.9% perfect
0	ink cartridges kind of expensive
0	No Flash, Limited use in the dark. 
0	NONE
0	paper jams, ink cartridge access, print quality
1	Decent quality output, good software
1	Clean and clear pics w/ good options
1	Extremely fast printing,fairly easy setup, nice looking design, good price.
0	Does not have a shoulder strap and carry bag.
1	slim, voice recognition, affordable
0	Not always readibly accessible when on train going to office and returning home.
0	um..none
0	Dark LCD, pricey, lack of documentation, flimsy battery door
1	beats scanning images with a scanner
0	poor user interface
1	cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap!
1	Superb resolution quality images, good price, USB, panorama, up to ISO 400
0	I have had this printer for a while and there is no problems with it. (NO paper jams or anything else)
1	Excellent display resolution, great pictures, good new features..LG quality
1	Excellent quality pictures
0	Just read the review. 15 words max isn't enough to elaborate.
1	Color screen, great price (free), fairly stylish, polyphonic ring tones
0	Pricey; Folded stroller not stable when left standing; Short harness strap
0	Battery tray is sometimes a bit awkward.
0	Prints too slow, uses too much ink
1	Video Clip playback, Color, Camera, Java Support
1	Affordability. Reliability. Ease of use.
0	None
1	Infra-red, Color screen, Polyphonic ringtones,GPRS
0	No type of covering over the numbers.
1	Extremely durable, easy to use, plenty of memory and functions.
1	Quality, price, easy to use 
0	The flash is very weak,underexposures under 7 feet
1	Great price~performance ratio, excellent image quality.
1	Internet Access,
0	No diopter correction on the optical viewfinder.
1	Small, cool swivel lens, quality pictures, easy to use
1	excellent quality, durable, good on consumable
0	Comes with rather small memory card, no rechargeable batteries, and no memory card reader.
1	Fantastic camera, TC-E3ED teleconverter can shoot the moon, See below
0	had the camera for a about a year and a half and cant think of  any cons
1	Small size, vibrant screen, long battery life, one solid piece, good clear calls
1	good black and white, time
1	Uses 1.44MB Discs, Easy of Use
0	"Old fashioned" as some would say since it doesn't have games, downloadable ringtones, etc.
0	heavy and bulky
0	Batteries go a little fast. Bring along 2 or 3 sets of rechargables
1	Clear, easy to use, fun, and colorful
1	Multi-position seat and footrest, large storage basket, easy fold, lightweight
0	Can't Cure Red-Eye
1	Cool Techie Looking Slate Color Case&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy USB, Parallel, and Mac Local Talk connectors
0	power-up defaults
1	great photos, tons of options, good battery, records on cd!
1	Cute little blue camera
0	usb connection needed
1	Lightweight,nice background,loud
1	Price and Weight
1	Well balanced shooter; convenience, easy to use   
1	Easy to use.  Sharp display.  Excellent results.  Full of features.
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	Cheap, USB connection, reasonable quality photos
0	Poor optical viewfinder, price, Step rather than smooth zoom.
0	screen gets dusty and u cant clean some things unclear in manual
0	terrible reception, poor battery, horrible functionality
1	Durable
1	USB port, economical, speed, high quality
0	Small LCD screen
0	Upper color band weak.
0	none yet
0	Filter Attachment Adapter Required
0	built cheap, no reliability, poor reception, and of course it stopped working.
1	High Quality, inexpensive
0	6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the price.
1	Great images, feature rich
1	Quality feel.  Great Features.  Screen quality.  Screen size is perfect.
0	comes in those see through colors if you want
1	Slick looking, great menu interface, good features, great reception everywhere
1	Little, Web enabled, PC connectivity, IR connection
1	Very easy to use and the photo quality is amazing. 
1	Bluetooth is good, nice UI
0	Kind of big.
1	excellent print quality, couldn't be easier to use
0	8MB card, Not rechargeable
1	Slim Handset
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, good low end camera
1	Stylish, easy operation &amp; transmission to computer.
0	Prints kinda slow
1	cheap, good vivid color, great for the price!
1	Small camera; intuitive menus; great pictures
1	works well, cute, lots of features
0	can't get wallpaper or tones, keypad, buttons stick or hard to push.
1	Nice look, not too heavy, cheap, long battery life, good customer care services!
1	Picture quality, features, connections, USB, resolution
0	Heavy,Big
0	Yikes is it noisy!
1	Sleek design, able to use MP3 as ringtone, nice display, sturdy build.
0	small card to being with (8mb); thats it!!!
0	Slow at times, Steep learning curve
1	Flip style, voice activation
0	Sucks up the AA's, flash power
1	address book,
1	extra film, led for image viewing, software is easy to use, sleek design
0	The biggy is the antenna. It breaks so ofetn motorola was fixing them for free--the catch is you have to mail it in and be without your cell phone for 7-10 days. This is  ...
1	Fast image processor
0	Not compatible with Windows XP
0	INK IS TOO DAMN EXPENSIVE!!!
0	&lt;i&gt;Feels&lt;/i&gt; cheap, voracious battery eater! Needs time to "warm up".  Greenish pictures in dark settings.
0	Poor indoor pictures, close ups, and flash.
0	You need to be a pioneer. Lousy support from Kyocera and Alltel. Terrible documentation.
0	No USB included, software problem at first.
0	Cheap qualty, Bad reception, UGLY
0	Hard to see screen in bright light.
0	view screen hard to see in bright light
1	Small, compact, great battery life, great reception
0	bulky for small hands, small for larger hands
1	Slim & attractive, loud ringer, nice large screen & keypad
1	small, easy to use
0	May be a little expensive for some.
0	Does not have the longest life
1	Fast, Fun, And Easy To Use! 
0	Battery Time, Heat After Long Use, Reception, Screen Picks up Grime
1	VERY easy to use, quick picture transfer, easy to read menus, high quality display.
0	Digital pictures instead of real pics - clear enough &amp;gt;? Not sure yet 
0	nothing i can think of, oh wait, lens cap
1	Fast, quality printing, scanning, and copying!
1	Great quality photos without having to use the PC, easy to use, reasonable price.
1	Affordable, durable, reliable, versitile, chicks dig it.
1	good picture quality, color balance, ergonomic size, bright lens
0	RECEPTION!
1	Low price, decent prints, nice software.
0	Loud, Shakes my entire desk
0	Doesn't work with Windows 2000 Server, even though it says it works with 2000
0	delay button till shutter, medium battery life, 8mb CF included (1 tiff=9mb)
1	cheap, easy to use
1	High quality copies and low maintenance costs
1	inexpensive; nice built in features; computer friendly out of the box
1	Great Battery Life, superior accessories, good price
0	Costly cartridges ($30 vs. $20 for Epson)
0	There were no weight/height specifications that I saw in the directions or on the box.
0	Lens cap, bad power button placement, bad selection button placement, durability
1	color quality
1	Good resolution, handles like a 35mm, as much or as little control as you like.
0	Battery life is horrible!!  Small buttons difficult to navigate.
0	needs battery charger
1	Cheap, Nice Color Output, Fairly Fast
0	outdated (already)
1	the big wheels don't get stuck
0	Non-Color Screen.  No external screen.
0	Very slow on 1200 dpi
1	Compact, Lightweight, Quality Printing
1	High handlebars, foam grips, urban style
0	no 2.5mm headset jack, poor camera quality, fingerprint magnet, low speakerphone
1	Small, point and shoot, and nice looking
0	Only 2X zoom, a little sluggish
1	great photo quality, uses floppys to store pictures, easy to use
0	no manual functions, feels flimsy, no interchangeable lenses
1	it has a flash
1	beautiful, fast, clear photo printing
0	Case is easily scratched or chipped; true audio ringtones sound garbled (polyphonic is ok)
0	Price
0	Heavier in weight and may not fold as flat as some strollers.
0	none at this time
0	Lack of easy silence feature
0	Camera is physical large compared to other digital camera
1	It has a nice purple epson logo on it
0	Cost can be high (keep an eye out for the good deals)
0	not perfect
1	It fits in small purses nicely...
1	size, speed, noise
1	Great reception, easy to learn how to use.
0	Trouble getting some pictures, battery compartment seems flimsy
0	costly battery runs out fast. Especially in cold weather. 
0	No more Verizon support.  Unreliable keys.  Battery life.  Software response delays.  Infuriating pop-ups.
1	Inexpensive, good pictures, light weight, inexpensive media, decent features
0	The black ink is an economy cartridge, the double-sided printing module causes the printer to not flush against the wall and takes up more desk top space, the auto align isn't aligned and doing so manually is something I haven't figured yet
0	Smears ink occasionally
0	Small ink tanks, no USB cable
1	light weight and uses a floppy disc
1	Small, sleek and simply cool
0	Extremely poor functional design. Overpriced, overhyped and developmentally challenged product of poor engineering.
0	Limited print functions and settings, expensive ink
1	Prints Excellent Quality Pictures , 
1	small and compact, nice looking, good quality photos
0	poor camera quality, few ringtones or games, soft speakerphone
0	expensive ink cartridges
1	Quality of picture
1	Compact size, simple to use
1	Most comfortably sized PDA/phone combo.
0	f2.8 lens, Olympus should'va kept the f2 lens
1	Great features, lightweight
0	Ship with 16Mb MS. Long delay when red-eye reduction turned on
1	generous amount of ink at cheap price.
0	Phone book slow to load Sprint PCS not so reliable
0	Interface lacks polish, behind on features, high price, Razr is more desirable
0	It has an 'ok' button for send, end, and almost everything else.
0	Battery life, and nothing else!
0	Drops calls constantly, signal strength is quirky
0	None.
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	low cost, high features, fun
0	The automatic document feeder has learned how to chew up paper.
1	Accurate Color
0	Not the best quality definition.
1	easy to use,durable, long battery life
0	Uses lots of battery power, a bit slow (both are common to digicams)
1	A quality printer with great text printing and good photo outputs.
0	Very user un-friendly buttons, bad reception, my husband hates it!
1	Small size and great features.
1	Size, Weight, Style, Blue lights, very very slick
1	cheap, you don't really need a photoshop to make these pics look funny
1	PRICE!!!  You can take 30 second video clips, decent pictures 
0	Dim LCD Screen. Lousy Lens cap. Hard to get a good grip.
1	Ease of Use, Great Photo Color
0	rejects ink cartridges when turned off
1	Bluetooth, speakerphone, EDGE, skins, mp3 tones.
1	great quality photos, great software
1	good price,nice pictures
1	Easy Set Up for Light Printing Users
1	Easy to use.
0	Battery Life, inadequate zoom
0	Printer sharing with USB requires the software on every computer that will use the printer
0	Static
1	Lots of nice features.
0	LCD screen doesn't tilt
1	Price, toner
0	low ear piece volume, not a polyphonic phone (can not download ring tunes)
0	Battery Life
0	No built-in headset jack. No vibration.
0	Keylock sometimes goes off after screensaver goes on
0	Small size for big hands
1	has color and a camera
1	Great photo print quality, Reliable, Compact, Easy to use and set up
1	EASY TO USE, good pictures, lots of options, compact and lightweight
0	Frequently dropped calls; poor reception; sparratic powering off; random battery drainage
1	Easy to use
0	Battery life is too short., Battery takes 8 hours or more to charge
0	I don't see any cons about this printer.
1	Lightweight, Walkie-Talkie Feature, Clear Sound.
0	Poor battery life, no USB connection, lose quality when use zoom.
0	eats batteries
1	Solid standard phone features
1	PICTURE QUALITY, SIZE
1	prints without jamming
0	Could be smaller, some usage problems.
1	Camera, downloadable apps, great editing, versatile phonebook, fun, light, good reception, huge screen
1	Excellent_picture_quality, Functionally diverse, Compact metal case, Retracting_lens with_built-in lens-cover, light_weight and_very_small, photo-stitch, Lithium_Ion battery, Uncompressed_format
1	Small, Looks cool
1	Slim, Time your call, Vibrate & Ring, Remote control Voice Dial
1	Impressive quality at an economic price.  
1	Small, Light, Blue backlight, Vibracall
0	The battery life is not great.
1	Lightweight, easy to use, stylish
1	Durable; withstands "wear and tear." Lets you go online!!
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some design flaws
0	Eats Batteries
0	Not much else does
0	battery useage and download times
1	Sweet color changing face and the size
0	ate bateries
0	Pictures aren't as high-quality.
0	Nothing
1	Excellent detail quality, excellent overall printer, color LCD, accepts many card types
1	3.3 Megapixel, Full featured, Easy to use, Bright LCD, Excellent Battery, Excellent photo quality
1	still searching...
0	may be awkward for some
0	Flash not powerfull for background,tiny control joystick,no zoom(digital really doesnt count, no case/lenscover
1	Excellent image in daylight conditions
1	Great pictures, great pricing
0	*Extremely slow menu &#13;&#10;*No calendar&#13;&#10;*The flip cover can easily get ruined&#13;&#10;*Can't decline calls
1	Small, inexpensive for its features.
1	economy of digital with images = to film
1	Very sharp and colorful prints. Easy to use. Quiet. Fast. Price Drop of $100.
1	Clear Digital Photos
1	When it works, it's very nice.
0	None so far. (I've used it &lt;i&gt;a lot&lt;/i&gt; for over a year and a half.)
0	No camera, no pre-loaded games, not multi-country useable.
1	Portable, 2 MegaPixel, Flashy Looks, Makes Quicktime VR's 
1	No film, or developing, uses a floppy disk
1	Manual features galore, use of AA batteries, long night exposure (BULB), ultra-compact.
0	Priced much higher than others but worth it
0	Slow parallel port speeds - No USB
1	small, good reception, color lcd screen
1	It's a flip phone big deal.
1	An incredible value!
1	Great looking daylight pics, Easy to operate
1	Small size, stylish, lots of features for the price
0	No computer connectivity, Possible button problems, no analog
1	plug and play, ease of use, LCD, great outdoor pictures, if good lighting- good pictures
0	could fold a little easier
0	could be smaller, hi-tech for 2001, few bells & whistles
1	Small, modern looking, loaded with extras but still low in price.
1	All functions work
0	No flash, hard to see screen, no zoom
0	Overall quality lacking, speaker phone needs work, voice-dial programming is lacking. Faulty screen
1	4MP, f2.0 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF card.
1	good quality pictures, compact design
0	Love-it-or-hate-it color scheme, weak vibrate mode, bulky charger.
1	Nice Design, easy to use, add ringtones and games. External picture caller ID
0	all the sh*t I got when I finally caved
1	Very well designed, floppy disk compatibility, ease of use, zoom, macro.
0	quality
1	Excellent price for a multi-task machine; Compact size; Quality output
1	The low price makes it very convent
1	everything
0	Included memory card too small, poor user manual
0	A bit heavy.  Small 8m flash card included. It could have been a 16m!
0	Somewhat of an effort to learn finer features.  
1	Attractive, Good reception, decent battery life
0	HAVE TO HOLD THE PHONE DIRECTLY OVER THE EAR TO HEAR WELL!
1	Great quality (text, photo), fast printing, individual color ink cartridges, long-lasting pigment inks, solid driver
1	Small, Light, Color Screen, Good Batter Life
1	Great value in its price range!
0	Special Hands Free Device
0	still expensive
0	doesnt get a very strong signal when travelling
0	Price of Ink
0	Unreliable, poor photo quality, annoying camera button location, Bluetooth connectivity problems.
0	Price ($100), additional for case, voice activation features not practical
0	No IR ports
1	Easy usb connection
0	Difficult installation, software interface
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
0	This digital camera is larger than average
1	Ease of use, picture quality
0	no external caller id. charger cover easily lost.
1	Great close ups, TIFF mode, easy to use.
0	Reception, Battery Life, Accessories, HEAT!!!
1	Somewhat small footprint, and it is a true Laser printer.
1	good interface
1	Great zoom capability
0	Couldn't get printer to work with Windows 98 computer
0	Uses to much ink, jams up
0	remember to take lens cap off before shooting
0	Some USB Issues, High Cartridge Cost
0	Battery life without headset
0	heavy ink consumption
0	Slow yet below average picture printing
1	Features, video out, software, price.
0	Are there any?
1	Camera, internal memory, easy to use, good replacement for my PDA
1	Sharp clear text and graphics,nice paper tray, good software
0	Unreliable USB interface.
1	pic quality, smart media,price
0	not good for professional picture applications, slows down your computer when running
1	can do very basic digital photography
0	The Price, but you get what you pay for!
1	340 Meg IBM Microdrive
0	small toggle switch easy to activate wrong function
1	Built like a TANK
1	cost, quality of photo, ease of use
1	Small size, no antenna, good features
0	doesn't print...and no tech support help
0	MEDIOCRE TALK-TIME; VIDEO-RECORDING LENGTH; FLUCTUATING VOLUME; OPERATIONAL GLITCHES
1	Inexpensive, good quality print, ease of use
0	Folding up a BIG hassle, heavy, feels cheap.  
0	none
0	Price, only memory stick and blue flash syndrome
1	Extremely reliable, medium cool factor for younger people
1	Twisting screen, battery life, stitch mode, microdrive, excellent build. 
0	battery life is average
1	zero
0	No Sound recording. Poor software package.
1	Easy to use and set up; economical; idiot-proof
1	Small & Compact, Sleek, Stylish, Functional & Practical (During its Life Span), Some Good Features
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	hard to install, not compatible, &amp;quot;so so&amp;quot; quality
0	Picture quality, battery usage
1	easy to use
1	I like the slide up feature because my hubby is always hitting something
1	Small, lightweight .... Low Cost
1	Reliable, lightweight, sleek, and durable.
1	haven't had the phone long enough to come up with pros
1	compact, priced right, excellent print quality and quantity, coper
1	it's colored and has polyphonic ring tones
0	- Price tag ($800 - $900)  - Expense of virtually indispensable accessories
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
1	Acceptable color prints, all in one, no feeds problems
1	small, lightweight, good pictures
0	no alert on empty cartridge
0	Takes a while to get ready to print. 1-5 minutes!
1	Battery life, ability to hold a signal, promotion price, color screen, speaker phone
1	Fun, completely customizable, works great!
0	Minor features wish had
0	Horrible for voice calls - only the most important feature!
1	Inexpensive, Medium Quality good for everyday use.
0	No USB, Lens cover is troublesome
1	Excellent images, great battery life, fast zoom lens 
0	Still a little expensive
1	fast east pictures, great for quick upload to web site or email
0	Slow Flash
1	Very easy to use. Great picture quality for the price. Easy upload.
1	small,great and cheap.
0	Noisy, Changing Cartridges a Hassle, Print speed somewhat slow
1	Speed, Seperate Ink Cartridges, High Quality Text
1	Looks, Cool little features, size, camera
1	Great quality printing for everyday printjobs and photos.
1	Mostly good and sharp pictures
1	Cute, slim, cool light-up feature, camera, flip-phone, bluetooth capable
0	Replacement ink cartridges are expensive
0	Lacks dedicated mail button, some features are buried,
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
1	Small, light weight, cool blue screen, high resolution screen, well built, and business look.
0	cannot be used as web cam
0	a little slow
0	Shaky voice quality
0	Won't focus in low light.
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
0	a little slow
0	no zoom lens
0	slow, cables extra, uses a lot of ink very quickly
1	Cheap, 2MB Onboard Memory, LCD
1	Many options to suite your needs
1	Fun at first, looks nice, polyphonic ring tones a plus
1	take good picture ; 4 R printing looks good.
0	is a bit expensive
0	no case , i bought my own, 
1	Features galore. High quality images.
1	supports scripts, picture quality
1	Great pictures, versatile, compact, floppy adapter
0	NOT for babies, huge, expensive
1	easy to use ...  not for professionals
0	Battery life is short, slow recharge between picture shots
1	2 sec warm up time. No paper jams. long lasting toner. crisp edges.
1	size, quality
1	High resolution, accurate colors, access to controls, battery life
1	Well it DOES take decent pictures
1	Long battery, sturdy, loud speakerphone, good quality, plays well with other devices
0	Poor reception, Phone crashes and locks up.
1	small, light, good picture quality, easy to use
0	big footprint. won't fit on a desktop
0	Doesn't fit in your pocket!
1	Many features for amateurs, good resolution, bright LCD, macro lens, swivel body.  Very nice pictures.
0	Cheaply built, falls apart and has technical problems
0	Front rider gets kicked and seats do not sit straight up.
1	Relatively cheap, fast in both B&amp;amp;W/Color, great color
0	None
1	Size, Reception, Large Icons, Button Size
1	The features are cool I guess.
0	flimsy trays
0	can't get photos downloaded/developed
1	see http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716&#13;&#10;
1	Great background noise cancellation feature, solid build, comeback of normal ringers
1	Excellent quality, quiet printer.
1	Very Good Print Quality
1	So Many Features, Even more Features, Clarity, Price, Speaker phone, etc...
1	inexpensive
0	poor resolution, short battery life, small memory capacity, limited features
0	Compatibility to windows xp, color not as sharp as other lexmark brands.
1	high resolution, excellent features, compact size
0	Bulky , printing quality is very good but Polaroid 500 photos are small size.
0	EVERYTHING
0	no film
1	All in one systems, durability, and easy to use
1	slim, cool, high tech, easy to use, pink!
1	Cool overall
0	Picture quality not as good as other 2-MP cameras
1	Floppy disc is a plus, Nice Zoom Features.
0	Large belt clip
1	Features, display, tuner option, form vs function, EVERYTHING
0	Print quality on plain paper, operating costs.
1	compact, excellent quality, fun to use
0	Would be nice to have a case, only 16MB flash card supplied
0	TOO SLOW..NOT GO AS SECOND INSTALLATION
0	A little bigger than others
0	Pricey, no hot shoe connection for flash
1	Low cost, great color prints,good service
0	Inaccurate viewfinder, slightly slow
1	Quick, Easy to install and use
1	Fast, high-quality output at an affordable rate!
0	15 image memory, 640x480 resolution, basic software package
0	Battery life and Red-eye
1	Large screen, clear reception
0	navigation system not great (could be true of all phones, I don't know)
0	Doesn't have all of the trendy bells and whistles like polyphonic ringtones.
0	alittle slow start up time and might be alittle louder than average.
1	Excellent Value.....Inexpensive not Cheap
1	Cheap
1	No glitches, easy installation.
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	Price
0	Some voice distortion (read below), Over-priced accessories, No voice commands
0	Slow, ungreat print quality, &lt;b&gt;printer cable not included&lt;/b&gt;.
0	CF Card it shipped with... BOO
1	Small, attractive, excellent sound and signal reception, LOTS of features
0	battery life, not as durable as most cell phones
1	Photo quality prints.  Double sided printing.  Fast Fast Fast.
1	Well built, easy to turn and fold, Attractive.
1	Ability to laugh derisively at people who have 3650's and think they're "really neat"
0	Lens Cap faulty, Auto Focus not always working, meager 16Mb xD Card
1	high resolution pictures, ergonomic design, low price
0	Paper feed mistakes, software errors, hardware incompatibility
0	Battery life, limited data entry for PDA functions.
1	Nice camera
1	Sharp photos (when in focus), nice features, fairly easy to use in basic mode
0	Menus a little confusing.
0	No true multi-contact phone book. Hard to use counter-intuitive menus - VERY SLOW OS response!
1	Just about the best phone I've had yet, guess the seventh times a charm.
1	everything
0	Flimsy, scratches easily, muffled speaker, Sprint PCS
0	Weak flash, provided memory card (8 MB) is insufficient.
1	work horse
1	Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting baby from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
0	Beginners beware! Menus confusing compared to other brands. Shutter lag.
0	rebate offer
0	only can save 5-7 photos per disc
1	Steady, smooth riding,  good running stride space
0	battery life and stability of OS
0	Price, pretty wide, need to create new phone entries for voice dialing
1	lightweight,5 megapixels,has movie mode
1	Quiet, quick, quality! Cheap and cables included.
0	Might be a little complicated for the beginner, can eat batteries.
1	It's Fast and Quiet
0	A bit pricey.  Palm experience a must.  MP3 player is OK. No optional earphones.
1	Low cost, ease of use.
1	Impressive zoom capability, handy size and weight, night scene facilities useful
1	Small for multifunctional printer. Other than that it's horrible!
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	slow serial connection, no optical zoom
1	Compact.  Especially clear printing capability.
0	Limited zoom range, limited to 400ISO, not constant aperture zoom.
1	2.1 megapixels, Movie and Email capability, Links for straight AV/Sound.
0	Doesn't come with the extras that you'll really want to have.
0	expensive, breaks down, wheels get stuck
0	Paper jams remain frequent, Slow printing speeds, pauses in print jobs.
1	Easy to Use, Floppy Disk for Film, Anyone Can Use This Camera!
1	Small, lightweight, easy to read color display, decent battery life, easy to operate
0	No warning when you run out of ink
0	Horribly small storage basket
0	Proprietary Battery; Inaccurate Viewfinder; 8MB Memory
1	3x optical zoom sharp, can take short movies, good macro ability, sharp pictures
0	No viewfinder, but the large led does well.
0	Gimmicky camera (cool, though) buttons not entirely comfortable for anyone who isn't Tiny Tim.
1	very comfortable, easy to fold up, a dream to push, fully reclines, stylish!
0	Sometimes message transmission is slower than usual...
0	None
1	Image Quality, Manual controls
1	Design, Carrier=Verizon, Camera, EDGE, Feels good to talk on
0	Sprint PCS network
1	Great options, very few drop calls
0	small number keys
0	a seemingly unique "ink-drying" cartridge problem.  please read about my experience.
1	relatively inexpensive;, quality pictures;, small;, easy to use
0	Gobbles up paper, shreds, and spits
0	Really bad directions
0	None
0	steering is too hard, the light construction makes for flimsy feeling.
0	software buggy
1	Smaller than any other nextel, Gets same signal for its size.
1	GREAT, PRINTS CLEARLY
0	unable to alphabetize phone book, not user-friendly&#13;&#10;
1	Small, easy to use, easy to transfer photos, great quality
1	unbelievable images
1	Battery life is outstanding
1	No paper jams
1	Fast and great resolution
0	Eats the &amp;quot;rechargeable  battery&amp;quot; (not double A)
0	A little slow (faster when printing with a computer)
0	Can only use the seat portion with infants up to 20 lbs.
0	Takes up a little more space than I thought
1	Lightweight, easy to use
1	Small, lightweight and takes great pictures
0	Major screen problems
1	Extended Battery Time, Calculator, Calendar, Phone Memory, Small Size and Weight
1	Manual modes, optical zoom, metering options
0	accessories are over priced
0	not available in nursery themes
1	Size, light weight, quality pictures, picture modes
1	weight, voice recognition, dedicated voice/text mail buttons
0	None so far
0	NO GAME! Guidebook isn't very thorough, numberpad clumsy to work with.
0	LCD is a little small.
0	Overall design, button layout, sound quality, totally non-intuitive
0	It's not under $100.00
1	LCD screen
0	will not take supre fine pictures
0	Needs Windows 98 at least and USB Ports.
1	Cheap, Fast
0	It had no color and the buttons were too close together. It had no web.
0	Envelope problems, thirsty for ink
1	Great general print quality.  Photo prints great on standard sized paper. 
1	sturdy, stable, easy to collapse, lightweight, 
1	Great pictures, quick turn around to send them on the internet...
1	easy to navigate site, excellent prices
1	Absolutely no redeeming qualities about this camera.
0	Produces heat during lengthly calls, buttons
0	Shutter lag, manual focus difficult, no CF space indicator
0	Dark viewfinder takes a lot of light to see indoor pictures
0	Seems to clean the heads before nearly every print job; dirty text printing.
1	Great quality of pictures, ease of use
1	Very cheap, fairly good resolution
0	really compact, tiny dial pad, only 8 voice dialing memories, price
1	it looks good and has good print quality
0	Big, heavy, So-So battery life.
1	4x lense, great color capture, many options, design, adequate speed
0	Analog, not digital.
1	Good price, small, responsive, good features
1	Compact size, good pic quality, ease of use
1	Small Size great zoom easy to use
0	Flimsy case, stupid parallel/USB connections
0	No optical zoom (digital zoom only), Smart media
1	Cheap, easy to use, easy to set up
0	The price!
0	Bulky, propritary memory, slow at times
0	Dirt builds up on sensor, image buffer too small.
1	Sturdy, basic phone. Low price. Great quality.
1	Incredible imaging
1	easy
1	Fast cycling of pictures, plenty of features and manual controls
0	May be more than some want to pay for a digital camera
1	Great looking pictures. 
0	Pulls paper in crooked. Did not come with a black ink cartridge.
1	beautiful prints, great workhorse printer, did I say beautiful printing?
0	None that I see
0	Still a bit bulky and reception goes in and out and no expandability.
1	Small, tri-mode, full-featured, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring, voice-activated dialing.
1	EXCELLENT PHOTO'S
1	Good looks, Very light.
1	Awesome print quality for the price, easy to use, small in design.
0	Ink cartridge prices are nearly prohibitive!!
0	macro mode is pretty naff, distortion on the extremes of the zoom
0	Lack of optical zoom.  Digital zoom too grainy.
0	cost a lot
0	volume, accidental button push, display
0	Only two positions on stroller, Car seat gets heavy, No infant head support.
1	Two-way messaging, great clarity
1	lightweight, comfortable for child
1	All in one, easy to set up &amp; use, great print quality
1	High quality speakerphone, voice recognition command technology, Get-It-Now enabled
0	Boxy but good, no optical zoom, few manual expert features
1	Nice screen, intuitive menu navigation.
0	minor
1	Rubber pads kept it from flying off my car when left on hood accidentally.
0	Availability of accessories is limited, no resetable minute counter
0	Listening volume; vibrate on/off; Phone Book Search
0	Poor XP compatibility., Crappy Factory Driver., Poor Paper Loading., , 
0	Can't think of any
0	Sometimes a little slow depending on the settings...
1	small, takes AA batteries in a pinch
0	Memory stick less convenient than floppys, and has limited storage
0	Very poor performance in low light 
1	Affordability, easy to install and use, no problems so far
1	Super lens and quality
1	Nice look, good sound quality, reliable.
0	Joystick, batterly life, memory not expandable/upgradeable, and no custom sms ringtone.
0	packaged memory too small (16mb), short battery life, inconvenient charging process
1	stylish, strong marketing
1	Every feature you want.
1	low priced
1	Easy to use, takes nice photos, small and light, saves $ from buying film
0	Slow startup, small screen, no photo capabilities
0	Lackluster color, HORRIBLY expensive ink.
1	great print quality. holds extra 3-color cartridge. media card slots. holds 4x6 paper.
0	none
0	Not as rugged as most cell phones
0	Doesn't come with batteries (no biggie), somewhat bulky, movies w/o sound.
1	Clean and quiet
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Comfy and functional
1	voice clarity, ease of use
0	date book can be a hassle
0	expensive, brake hard to set
0	Lens cap cheap, doesn't stay on. Shadow on left of subject when using flash, , 
1	Large format picture perfect prints. Super fast.
0	Uses up batteries quickly if you don't have the adapter.
0	Depending on your provider, price can get pretty steep
1	Sturdy, holds a good signal, ringtones are loud.
1	reversible handle, stylish, washable cover.
0	Menus a little confusing, speaker phone not very loud, scratches easily, durability issues
1	It's an HP.  And it's not terribly expensive.
1	None worth mentioning.
0	ink price
0	slow
0	Kind of noisy
0	people blurry, no zoom, awkward menu functions, slow download and processing between photos, bad software
0	Minute usage goes fast, have to keep putting in password to access certain features.
0	cost of cartridge, color fade, low quality prints
1	features, works on low signal
1	Fast, Great Quality
1	1)Easy to use 2)Programing Features 3) MOTOR DRIVE!!
0	Can only take proprietary battery pack, a bit on the chubby side
0	Dimly back-lit keypad, and it is a little large for a folding phone.
1	Picture quality, small, light.
0	s/w crashed WIN98 system, bulky compared to other models.  No A/C charger, small 8MB card.
1	semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
0	Lens cap can jam lens extension when turned on
0	LCD smears
0	None.
1	none
1	Easy to use,small &amp; convenient.
1	The Large Amount of Storage Space using a CD over a floppy
0	Generally slow operation
1	GREAT COLOR PICTURES
1	Great Picture Quality; Easy to use software and hardware; Not too expensive; Many picture-taking options.
0	only one- no DOS printing
1	Ability to vibrate first, then ring, fairly durable, very lightweight, cheap.
1	Simple design and easy to use, usb, widely available, useful software, many optional accessories
0	Carrying a lot of floppy discs could get bulky
0	short battery life-have solution, external battery pack
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
0	Zoom, LCD, color saturation
0	Flash doesn't throttle down well for macros, slightly softer images (not big deal).
0	Battery life is awful, Low light pictures turn out dull, A little too small
1	ease of use
0	nothing
1	Beautiful blue back light.  Compact and offers a large display screen.
0	terrible reception, I've had some battery problems
1	Style, picture quality, size, features, functions, and fun!
0	Large footprint
1	tons of features, email, calendar, internet, and much more.
1	Easy to use, clear sound, dependale, high quality
0	none
1	beautiful print quality, very easy to install and use, good options, no jams
1	easy setup, good quality of printing
0	Buy your own cable
1	Handy, fun, durable and easy.
1	comparable to higher priced models
0	No web browser, smallish keypad.
1	stores on floppy disk; a universally available device, wonderful zoom, you can shoot movies too!!
1	Easy to navigate and use, more than sufficient memory, rechargeable batteries, great photos even at 8 x 10
0	Picture and video quality, Bluetooth crippled by Verizon.
1	Inexpensive, easily replaceable cartridges, inexpensive to replace cartridges
0	Holding was awkward at first, not anymore
0	none
1	quality print, &amp;quot;dry&amp;quot; ink, reasonable speed
1	Good battery and nice display
1	Digital camera and camcorder... oh and it's a phone too!
0	The battery wears after 3 - 4 months
0	It should have been designed thinner like the the rest of the newer Nokia phones.
0	Color is Okay, Photo is Bad, Slow
1	Fairly cheap; Integrated lens cover
1	small size, big 2" LCD, macro distance, preset zoom increments, low shutter lag, manual focus
0	Weight,lap time between snaps
1	Small, lightweight, easily fits in a pocket!
0	Low Resolution - Twain Driver Sucks for slower Computers
1	pretty small, has games, durable.
0	Battery not flush
1	Great starter Camara!!  Good quality pictures considering the price!
0	Not much in the way of accessory equipment
1	Excellent photo quality, ease of use, features
0	Signal stregth weak in marginal areas. Non-replacable battery.
1	Modern Design, Small Size, best 2.1 Megapixel Digital Camera for its size &amp;amp; price.  USB connector for fast uploads.
1	Very good quality of the images, Many features. Very rigid.
0	Volume even all the way up SUCKS!
1	Good picture quality, easy to use, highly portable, rebate (through 1/31/02)
1	Internet Friendly
0	None so far
1	user friendly
1	Ease, no developing, nice LCD display
0	Slightly sticky buttons.
0	Not a laser printer, sometimes the software freezes for a while when initialized. 
0	short battery life
1	Easy to Use, Fast, USB Connectivity
1	Mobile, changeable face plates, good sound quality, advanced features
1	Good picture quality, good price
0	None, this is the 'perfect' sports stroller
1	The most capability for the cost; lowest cost per page, automatic sheet feeder, built-in scanner, ability to use just a parallel port.
1	Nice, quality camera, very easy to use
0	picture quality at night or very low light is not good.
0	price (still waiting to find out if it's worth the investment)
0	Tripod socket not centered under lens, rubber cover on side seems like afterthought.
1	Small, Cost efficient
1	Very spacious, comfy for kids, holds infant seat
0	Some chromatic aberration
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
0	Horrid Support
1	Lightweight, long talk time and standby time
1	Price; size
1	Great  performance, Easy to read screen.
0	Mediocre camera, difficult to access data on the phone
0	Did not come with a battery charger for the car.
0	Prints very slowly, uses a lot of ink.
1	Small, CF memory, Rechargable battery, nice pictures in good light, small compact design
0	resolution and reliability
1	This camera was the most affordable 3.1 megapixel model I found.
1	An inexpensive versatile choice
0	HP software conflicts with some systems, HP support poor
0	1. The resolution is not as good as the 3+ mega pixel cameras available today. 2. THe price is not competitive enough
1	Easy to use,  Readily available film, Great viewer, ability to take MPEGs,  durable
0	Costly ink, but whose isn't?
1	Excellent audio, good looking, reasonable keyboard, very nice screen
0	Software is terrible--crashes, locks up computer, hard to use., 8MB is useless.
0	No call timer, flimsy antenna, small buttons
1	Lightweight, compact, aesthetically pleasing, text message and email capabilities, multiple numbers per person in phonebook
1	Super easy to use, great picture quality, small in size
0	As others said, slow to start and noisy.
1	Inexpensive (free!), bright backlight, compact size
0	no USB port (only serial) for downloads
0	Shutter lag, flimsy output cover, plasticy body, poor daylight LCD performance. 
1	Separate inks tanks, quiet operation
1	Stylish, big basket, cupholders for everyone, lightweight
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	good resolution in this price range, easy operation, lens mount, tripod mount
0	Included software is poor, no sound w/movies, only 2X optical
1	Fast,clear printing
0	Battery life with the included battery
1	Small size, attractive design, lightweight
1	Good Quality pictures
0	SLOW menus, easy to scratch screen, too many features to navigate and a few bugs
0	Features galore, hard to use, heavy, very pricey
0	Large, noisy
0	Easy to lose (because of size), accessories.
1	3x optical zoom
0	The user menus are not user friendly!  Hard to troubleshoot problems.
1	Very reasonably priced. Ease of installation and use.
1	Huge screen; 1 of only 2 internet phones supported by AT&T
0	Ugly
1	Value, Quality, Speed, Versatile, Quiet
1	Design, Features, High Quality
1	Good battery life, nice screen, keypad is easy to use.
1	Excellent camera that has lots of controls and takes very good pictures
0	Can only take 12 pictures on the "best" setting.
0	Memory size (needs upgrade)
1	Small, feels good in hand, great picture quality, custom controllable shutter speed and aperture
1	Camera, nice features, small and cute, records my voice.
1	easy to use, price coming down, holds a lot of photos, special effects
1	Clear large screen
0	Bad reception, not too durable
0	1. slowwwwwww ----&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2. many annoying dialog windows---&amp;#13;&amp;#10;3. sucks on a network
1	Rugged, solid construction; simple to use, good basic PHONE features, nice screen.
1	Ease Of Use
0	Careful how you enter names, It does not put names in alphabetical order.
0	None
0	No USB port, no included Smartcard reader.
0	Ink useage, service from brother, doesn't mesh with Windows XP, etc.,etc.
1	Lightweight, nice colors
1	Great images and flexibility. Long battery life.
1	very good quality, ink not too expensive, good online services
1	EXCELLENT SCREEN CLARITY, AND SMALL COMPACT SIZE
0	Grainy with no flash indoors
1	small and portable
1	Great pics, user-friendly
1	Excellent quality, Great Features, Comfortable To Hold!
0	Still a bit bulky and reception goes in and out and no expandability.
0	Paper handling, paper jams, need for repairs
1	Durable
0	Worthless as a scanner - the software STILL doesn't work with Win2000 
1	5-point harness, spill resistant fabrics, great wheels
0	Short battery life. USB problems with NT, Storage Space&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Flash isn't great
0	None
1	vivid color pictures, sharp black text
0	No data sync
0	batteries, lack of AC adapter, no optical zoom
0	Wheels squeak, rests on tray when stored
1	Resolution, 20mb memory included
0	Some grain in low light.
1	Nice and Neat
0	Paper Tray
1	small, VERY easy to navigate through!  LOVE predictive text!
1	Light, easy to use, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
0	SUCKS FOR ME
0	Little versatility, poor image quality, not very durable, poor support from Fuji
0	No external flash fitting
0	Battery Life!, Small Small Buttons (big big hands), AOL for phone is impossible to use.
1	Fast, high dpi, reliable, low maintenence printer
1	Excellent image quality, colour rendition is the best
1	Great Text &amp;amp; Graphics; Great ink usage.
0	Uses expensive Sony Memory Stick.
1	prints clearly
0	no ac adaptor, uses batteries quickly
1	Great pictures both indoor &amp; out, better value compared to same megapix cameras
0	?? Mine came with a gold cover, I would rather have a black one.
0	no cons
0	Lens cap. Lens cap. Lens cap
0	Packaged Software not &amp;quot;home&amp;quot; oriented, Auto cleans too often, Minor problems with some Compaq computers
1	Stability, comfort
1	Crisp clean photographs. Great color. Great features
1	Excellent screen/ Gets decent reception/ Big compared to other flips/ Pretty solid phone (not flimsy)
1	There are so many things to say, you will have to read the review!
0	none found (yet)
1	Name, speed, price.
0	Only 8-1/2" width
1	Unsurpassed build quality, Features, Performance, Price, Everything else
0	Flimsy paper tray arrangement
1	Great colors and definition.
0	speed, memory
1	Decent pictures, affordable, floppy disk storage
1	Color screen, MOTO features
0	Quick battery drain, long wait between flash shots, poor low-light capture
0	Very expensive, not user-friendly, a bit too delicate
0	Easy to put your fingerprints on the lens.  
1	Battery life, Flash
0	goes through AA batteries fast, difficult to LCD in bright lighting
0	No infra-red. No icons to play around like nokias. Not that stylish
1	EZ 2 Use
1	Cheap
0	Jams tough to unjam, doesn't handle thick stock well, sometimes feeds paper at an angle
1	Crisp perfect pictures every time.
1	Easy to use, great outdoor shots, fairly inexpensive
1	flexible - use as a stroller or carriage, solid and sturdy, warm with boot
1	High Quality pictures, easy to use software
1	Small size, powerful battery, voice active dialing
1	Flip phone, colour screen, camera
0	The atomic flash, memory
1	Cheap Price, Cheap Black Ink Refills
1	Neat design
0	Decides to go crazy sometimes, printing obscure things.
0	None considering the price.
0	Viewfinder, focus, slowness, 
1	easy menu options, hard to break, and good text-messaging unit
1	Color display, web-enabled, voice-dialing.
0	very vague instructions, pictures arent very high quality, not much memory
0	the on/off button is a little 'touchy'
0	USB 1.1 instead of USB 2, default shutter speed is slow without the flash.
1	Small size, easy use, built-in lens cover 
1	cheap, decent pictures
1	Nice
1	Tiny Tiny Tiny. The smallest phone in the world!
0	Battery door, needs larger media card.
0	none for the money invested
0	Camera can't adequately use large memory cards.
1	Fully reclines, easy to maneuver, compact, easy to open/collapse, will last for many children.
1	Sharp output, fast speed
0	needs vibrating ring mode
1	Price
1	Tiny, great optics
1	Metal case, weatherproof, solid feel
1	Compact and Stylish
0	Heat, start/end chimes
1	The best Phone Out there so far!
1	user friendly with nice shortcuts.
0	large size but works well
1	great pictures and LCD panel
1	printer is cheap, and good for text, easy to use
1	Great quality professional looking printing
1	5 MegaPixel, 8x Zoom, lots of features, accessories, and more pros than I can list
1	very easy to take great pictures
0	Does not come with necessary cables
1	Easy set up, Decent Print Quality, Cheap to purchase
1	It is a good quality printer
0	long lag time, difficult macro option
0	one software problem with sound
1	Price, quality, ease of use
0	warrantee
1	Sturdy and reliable. Scratch and Dent Resistant.
0	Verizon completely removed Voice Dialing on this supposedly "Upgraded" Phone.
1	Great software, easy to use camera
1	Takes great pictures in four resolutions
0	RAW format not supported in automatic modes.  No spotmeter.
1	Fast black &amp; white and color text, Dual cartridge holder
1	Long battery life.
1	Simple to use, takes great pictures, uses 3 1/2&amp;quot; floppy disks
1	Rechargeable Battery, Easy to use, super disk drive
1	Slim, various features
0	Unable to set shutter speed, LCD prone to attracting dust &amp; scratches
1	Inexpensive, sturdy, takes good pix
1	Slim design & strong vibrate feature
0	Ink cartridge monitor system leaves something to be desired.
0	Big, can feel lens motor running
1	*Sleek design
1	Usability
1	USB or Parallel compatible.
0	High price, hard to travel with.
1	great combination of features for price
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	AT&T no longer sells them, NUMEROUS problems with ours, HORRIBLE Customer Service
0	Vibrate then ring starts ringing too soon.
1	Sharp images, high quality finish, good price
1	Quality, Value, Features
0	Not the greatest reception, best not used as a phone
1	Great photo prints, borderless pics, takes various cards
0	analog TDMA phone,No Smart Card,Bad voice Quality,Average Signal,Avg Battery,Cannot Receive&send OP logos,ringtones
1	Superb image quality, good focusing system, versatile manual controls, small size, quality construction.
0	So-so software bundle, unimpressive LCD screen
1	Large display, size
0	LEMON when it comes to where you charge the phone causing you to LOSE everything!!
1	Easy to use. Camera and Video camera. Great talk time.
0	booklet
1	Great shots, compact size, easy to manipulate
0	Ink cartridges are ridiculously priced
0	Software does not allow conversion from bitmap to jpeg formatting. Fragile. Low light problems
1	Feature Set, Macro, Zoom, AA batteries
1	Able to make Movies, All on Disk (no more film), Great Zoom, and Much More!
1	Image quality, size, menu system
0	Ink harder to find
0	A little slow, occasional software problems and hard to figure out.
0	A Little more pricey than competing brands
1	See Below.
0	Poor quality pics.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Flash poor.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Long wait between shots.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Customer service is horrible.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Very small, great rings, nice blue light
1	multi functional
0	small screen for mobile web
0	Resolution, Cost
0	Paper jams, noisy, goes through ink pretty fast.
0	Terrible battery life
0	never worked for me to try it out
1	Has a lot of features and looks good to top it off
0	Average battery life, Antenna projects from body
0	Silver/Slick finish makes easy to slip out of hands.  Accessories hard to find.  8mb limitation.
0	None
0	Needs improvement on certain areas.
1	awesome features, color screen, lots of extras, great reception
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to steer, easy to fold &amp; unfold lots of storage.
1	Excellent color and lighting, full of features.
0	Doesn't ship with everything necessary to set it up, hard to find paper, bad software
1	Excellent color printing, versatile
0	I don't like the fact that I cannot access the web hardly anywhere.
0	cost. alittle  high but  worth it
0	No optical zoom, internal memory very small, rather bulky
1	Optical zoom, battery life, size
0	unusable picture quality, poor battery life, useless speaker phone, quirky features that you can't disable
1	Small, Did I Say Small? Like A Little 6190
1	8mb Memory Included, Card Reader Included, Can be connected to PC or TV
1	decent printer
0	No complaints
0	battery life, ring tones, clarity.
1	Very fast, sturdy, has large paper tray, reasonable price.
1	The Camera for the beginners.
0	Flimsy, Slow, Hard to Navigate
1	the mp3 portion has decent sound
0	Short battery life, countless problems, screen issues (Common).
1	It is very affordable, it's small and fits anywhere meaning you can take it anywhere.
1	Simple to use.
1	Astonishingly crisp text. Blindingly fast. Thankfully quiet. Inexpensive individual color ink tanks. Solid
1	Fast printing
1	Cheap Price, Lightness
1	Great design
1	Hmm well does not break when falls
1	Text Messaging, Tri-Mode, Speaker Phone, Voice Dialing, Bluetooth, Web Access, Good Reception, Voice memos
0	BIG if you want a go-anywhere camera.  LENS CAP!! No integrated lens protection.
0	haven't found any
0	Wish more user information was in the manual.
0	Very slow OS, crashes alot, countless dropped calls
1	Sturdy
1	Battery, Ergonomics
0	bad customer service, bad design
0	Voice mail too hard.
0	noisy
1	small, slim, high-end features, customizeable, sturdy, easy-to-read display, price
1	Individual Inks, Speedy, Ink Sensor, Capable of 6 Color Printing
1	Small, Sexy
1	Very nice looking phone.
0	not a single one!
0	poor calibration w/ signal strength
1	Great low price, lightweight, and all the programming included
1	Ultra compact, five megapixels, manual exposure options, 
0	viewfinder, red eyes
1	good for all types of files and formats, easy to use
1	Very lightweight, sturdy, lifetime warranty, safe, American-made
1	Size, style, convenience, ease
1	Remarkably inexpensive and incredibly fast.
0	Phone book, camera in dark/night conditions
0	It all comes out bad.. paper jams are frequent
0	Only 2x zoom
0	Only 2x zoom, Battery hog (Rechargable Battery optional)
0	Manual needs some improvement.
0	For more convenience a larger card should be bought, the LCD screen drains the battery quickly
0	Jack of all trades, master of none!
1	Cheap printer with cheap cartridges
0	Expensive ink, can't refill the cartridges using a kit.
0	noisy/slow/very basic (but basic could be a plus sometimes)
0	No Flash 
0	Ink use
1	EASE OF USE!!! no cables, no wires, no fuss
1	Everything!
1	features, price, size
1	Cheap, great quality pictures
0	A little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
0	screen, polyphonic capabilities, paint on phone is not very adherent,size
0	No video out, smallish vid screen
0	Purchase case separately
1	print and scan quality decent
1	recessed on/off, clear sound, voice dial, easy buttons & menus
1	Lightweight Good Display Good Reception
1	Small initial cost      Instant photos
1	Small, light, takes pictures, good sound, great functions, games.
0	None.
0	Poor user interface, macro mode isn't all that &amp;quot;macro&amp;quot;
1	Great camera for beginers.
0	Ringer volume, cumbersome user manual
1	Durability, simplicity of use
1	vivid screen (when working), loud ringtones, sleek design
0	 A little slow
1	Ease of use, no film, easy to use media
0	No standard A/C adapter, no video outputs
1	Easy to install software.
0	Initial Cost
0	A little heavy relative to others in its class, digital zoom is useless (loss of quality), poor night photos
1	Small
0	A little large, but still better than carrying two devices
1	Size, style, customization.
1	Small, stylish, great features
1	none
1	Small, lightweight.
1	easy to aim and fantastic quality images
0	Pretty good reception, ok battery life.
0	Power button location.
1	Great inexpensive printer that delivers unexpectedly good quality print
0	Terrible auto-focus; Red-eye problems 
1	THE Complete system: car-seat, infant carrier, infant &amp; toddler stroller. Easy to use.
1	Easy to set up
0	No Zoom,Red Pictures
1	Convenience and Durability
0	none!!
1	Sleek looking
1	QUIET, convenient, great resolution and quality
0	price?
1	Inexpensive and worked great for a year
0	Ugh ... i wish it had more wallpapers
1	Slim, light, adequate features
0	None.
0	Reliability, usefulness, customer support.
0	Average print speed
0	Slow, poor flash results, complicated, expensive.
1	Fast, crisp, reliable and good looking!
1	fast, save on developing
0	SLOW
0	At least a 32 Meg CF card would of been nicer.
1	Small size.  Nice color screen indoors.
0	none of the functions are anything to brag about
1	small, beautiful picture quality
0	On the large side of current phones.
1	Easy to use, good camera, good speaker phone, not too expensive, solid battery
1	Extremely easy to use.
0	standerd charger is slow
0	Small buttons,small display,no speaker phone,not Bluetooth compatible.
1	Direct Connect, Long Battery Life
0	Cheaply built, bad customer service from lexmark
0	Not a laser printer
0	Grainy in low light.
0	A little too bulky, battery hog, poor PC connection.
1	sleek, nice features, clear, you can change colors, nice display, cheap, web enabled&#9;
0	Scan and copy quality are VERY poor. Cannot scan photos printed on Kodak paper.
1	Small, great reception, extremely intuitive.
0	Image doesn't match what you see through eye-piece
1	Large battery, hot shoe, raw files
1	Multi-use capabilities that meet all of my business needs
0	Boring---not many features, no speakerphone.
0	horrible digital zoom-battery life low-shutter lags-top controls dim
1	Beautiful screen.
1	Great quality for reasonable price
0	Bad indoor reception, battery drain
0	Price, Ink Cartridges are more expensive
0	Not the highest quality you would expect.
1	inexspensive, different rings, easy to use
1	wonderful color printing, quiet, very built well!
0	Road-hog software lulls you to sleep, so (hopefully) you won't notice the crummy pictures
0	Battery Level, Small buttons
0	7MB Built In Memory
0	Shutter lag, especially with flash. View finder.
0	none
0	battery life
1	Affordable, high quality colors, laser quality blacks.
0	No flash, bad as a webcam, no customer support.
0	have to keep tape on the battery door,  poor design
0	Difficult to maneuver, can't hang diaper bag on handle.
0	software tricks you into using more ink, ink cartridges don't last long
1	Small, light, durable, great performance - you won't be disappointed
0	lens looks somewhat delicate , low light auto-focus weak. 
1	Excellent user interface and messaging capabilities, amazing battery life, light weight and... AUTOMATIC REDIAL!!!
0	Cuts in and out, not-so-great battery life.
1	High Resolution,Carl Zeiss Lens,CD-R &amp; RW media, Great picture review  
1	Free with service plan. Doubles as a flashlight.
0	Viewfinder scratches easily
1	Super Easy of use, good value for the money,  takes good quality pictures
0	Proprietary Memory (if you use your memory sticks with anything else)
1	Excellent picture quality, good battery life, easy to use
0	Have to buy a longer-lasting battery than the one included
0	expensive, battery life slightly short, flash slightly weak, only 2.1 mega pixels
1	Small footprint, silent, good software support
0	eats AAs, no AC adapter included
1	Does everything.  After a while you won't know how you got along without it.
0	Sizeable, Heavy
0	Ink runs out too quickly, won't print from handheld devices
1	Ease of use. Quality pictures. Long battery life.
1	Great price, awesome print quality!
0	flash very bright, recommend a few layers of magic tape over it,  expensive and bulky
0	Approx 70 pct of time it will not print an address on an envelope. 
0	Sad organizer and calendar functions and lackluster phonebook.
1	Quiet, great photo printing
1	Supports  MAC OSX &amp; 9.  Performs functions the majority of the time. 
1	Sleek, attractive phone. Very good performance.
0	LCD display extremely dim
1	Print Quality, Price, And Nice Chassis
1	reception, features, weight, phonebook, battery life
1	Quick printing, great color prints -  photo quality, economical
1	Great quality pictures, ease of use, zoom lens, many options
0	See review body.
1	Excellent color and graphics quality WHEN NEW.
0	jams all the time, bad resolution, bad software management
1	Works for years with normal use.  Prints text and basic color projects adequately.
0	A little pricey if you don't plan on printing many pictures
0	Only 1 color (Teal).  &#13;&#10;Expensive  &#13;&#10;Speakerphone feature needs work &#13;&#10;Voice recognition needs work
1	Excellent image quality, loaded with features, and easy to use for basic photography.
1	Cheap and compact, simple
0	autofocus cycling is a bit slow
1	Very easy to use, inexpensive, sturdy.
0	Service only available on Sprint's network.  Poor battery life.
0	None yet
1	Good feel in my hands. I like the size too.
0	Manual modes difficult for me to learn, power button too close to shutter.
0	Thick phone, especially with a leather case on. Slow switching between digital and analog mode.
1	Picture, Simple 
1	Photo Quality, Build Quality, Size, Uses AA Batteries, Ease of use, built in lens cap
1	Cute phone; Thin and lightweight; FaveFive Compatible; Several Features: Camera, Video, Voice Phone Book.
1	Ease of use. Good picture quality.  
0	Viewfinder (night/low-light), Poor battery status indicators, Lens cap design
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	Handsfree speakerphone, quick charging battery and long standby time
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	Lots of what I consider "basic options" missing or hard to use.
1	422 pics in Best quality with 128MB,LCD screen, solid body, timer, date hour info, 
1	Very easy to use.  A lot of bells and whistles. Cool looking.
1	1200X2400 dpi, 10ppm color, dual side printing
1	Not too pricey
0	Price
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
1	Reception, clarity, easy to set up and use
1	Sexy hardware, nice screen, great form factor
0	Eats batteries like crazy!
0	extras sold seprately
1	Excellent print quality
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
1	Looks cool.
0	No supplied USB cable.
1	User-friendly, very good output
1	Great idea!
1	hey, it's four-in-one!
0	A bit bulky, Lens cap has no logical place to go, camera strap, no camera bag
1	Quality feel, user-interface, ease of use, camera quality
1	High quality output and price
1	Easiest camera 
0	Flimsy, expensive to keep replacing ink
1	You can hear well, easy to operate, loud ring tones, good reception
0	Price. Same lousy charger as the 720s.  Ringtones.
0	I still can't shave with it on trips.
0	Flimsy paper tray lid, expensive ink, colors need software adjustment, duplexer for plain paper only
0	My web is broken for now, but that is verizons fault, not the phone.
1	Excellent combination of phone/PDA functionality
1	CD storage, 4 mega-pixels, lengthy video, a wide variety of options and features.
0	could use better zoom
1	Small, Lightweight, Free
0	None.
1	Small and easy to use.
1	quality production
0	BIG for an inkjet, copier/fax/scanner feeder jams
1	Very Reliable! Easy to set up. 
1	Tiny size. Goes anywhere
0	Very poor battery life, the zoom function is terrible and unfortunately the list goes on
1	Quality photos, photographic features
1	Very small, very "cool," great reception
1	Does a very nice job if you set up properly.
1	Looks good.
1	Durable, Easy To Use
1	none
0	Takes a while to figure out how to use the fax 
1	very inexpensive
1	Great reception, handy features, small and stylish.
0	Too many dropped calls, slow, quiet polyphonic rings, random restarts, 1995 cell phone dependability.
0	Doesn't have good long term reliability
0	small and cheap
0	No battery charger unless you buy docking station.
1	Good handset sound quality, good RF
1	Great lightweight umbrella stroller
1	Good Price! Great Picture quality! Easy to learn! Unbeatable value!
1	Ton of Features. Nice look.
1	Ultra lightweight and compact, easy to use and awesome clarity.
1	Lens and beautiful pics
0	Hard to find in stores
1	Reliable, great quality output
1	Solid casing. Sharp, clear images. Easy to use. Good documentation. No expensive proprietary components.  
1	In digital Cameras $500 is all you need!
1	reliable, good pics, well-priced
1	Speed, price
0	limited camera specs, bulky watch
0	Price, LCD Display gets smudged
1	Great sound quality, large, easy-to-read display, works on all networks, voice activation, web compatible
0	None
1	Small. Excellent photo quality. Huge LCD screen. Chicks dig it! 
1	durable, easily packable, maneuverable, adaptable, lightweight, inexpensive.
1	Slimness, durable construction
1	Lightning Fast Speed
1	Digitally speaking: Very good quality camera.
1	compact size &amp; settings galore
0	A bit heavy
0	No zoom.  Screen is hard to clean.  
0	Batteries run out very quickly! Use rechargables!
0	picture quality
1	Excellent reception. Easy to use. Intuitive. Good voice quality - built in equalizer. Not ugly.
0	pictures taken in Sunshine are worthless because of severe washout
0	Poor video
1	Photowise 1.7; Switchable LCD; LCD cover; optical viewfinder
1	Small, compact and easy to use!
1	Excellent photo-quality,very affordable, borderless sizingand printing!
1	Good looks, Lightweight, Joystick, Color screen
1	ergonomic design, good color saturation, long battery life
0	Freezes up, Par battery life, Abortion of the timed-profile
1	Great storage format, clear pictures, ease of picture transfer.
1	tiny, lightweight, good looking, well built, well featured, an excellent phone.
0	Cannot get 2-way text messaging to work yet. (my fault)
1	Excellent bang for the buck. Well constructed. Attractive.
0	Viewfinder not accurate, clunky size, delay when snapping photo - action shots difficult to capture.
0	Not as sharp as some new inkjets
0	Ear piece doesn't fit in my ear!!
0	some small ones, read the review!
1	Fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one.
1	Easy to use
0	Extremely complicated controls and settings; Instruction manual VERY poorly written; Maybe it's an experimental model.
0	Very poor display, poor interface, did not hold signals
1	Great looking printer
0	Weak battery. Touch pad has small keys in an odd pattern. Phone locks up often.
1	clarity, ease of use, cool "kinda" new look
1	Print Quality
0	Camera light's a joke.  Buddy's a rat.  What, all this stuff and no Bluetooth?
1	Small prices, easy to use
1	Optical and LCD finders, user control
0	Drinks ink, clogs easily
1	Nice graphics
1	alot
0	Short battery life!
1	Tiny, cute, good pictures!
1	Excellent photo printing
0	Need a slightly larger font&#13;&#10;Wish "Wake-Up" would work when on battery power
0	Slow, high battery consumption rate.
0	Image quality is satisfactory, not outstanding.
1	excellent image quality, flexible, powerful!
0	Battery, Minor Issues (see below)
0	In the era of colorscreen phones and downloadable ringtones, this phone isn't feature rich.
1	Easy to take great pictures right out of the box, and more to learn later
0	The instruction book was hard to understand on formatting new media cards (I thought)
0	Not very good for being on a network and used buy a group of people.
0	Unnecessarily noisy at times.
0	Battery &amp; software management are not as good newer models
1	easy on ink, prints phots cheaper than most printers
1	Good sound quality, long battery life, nice looks and extensive set of features
0	Cost
0	could be slightly complicated
1	Zeiss lens, size and shape, megapixel CCD
0	cartridge cost
1	good quality print, reliable 
1	Durability Poor Design
1	Priced right, 3.1 Megapixles, 5  per second auto shots, Auto manual f-stops.
0	One movement may change focus
0	Awkward placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	none
1	High quality pictures. 2 pixels!
1	Fantastic pictures, easy to use, small, holds many pics
0	Battery life, lens door flimsy, multi-control, Auto setting
1	Fast printing, Cheap
0	Sometimes slow, expensive ink (although there are cheaper generic refills!)
0	display problems.
0	Only 9 rings, the casing is easily scratched
1	EASE OF USE
1	Price, Print Quality, Software
1	fast, price, user friendly, folds up nicely
0	Replacement Cartridges Are High
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	Small, small, small. Easy to use. Durable.
1	No monthly charges, long battery life, attractive design, durable
1	Design, compatibility with auxiliary strobes, ease of use and image quality.
1	reusable, inexpensive disk storage, zoom lens
0	Expensive extras that must be added
1	awesome quality pictures, easy to use, downloads fast
0	Some may view as bulky. Battery life only average. Pricey.
0	SLOW, loud, doesn't pull paper well, terrible picture quality
0	If you are upgrading from i90, it will be a waste of time and money.
0	No auto-focus assist lamp, fixed (non-moveable) LCD screen
1	many partnerships
1	None
0	Battery life, Memory card size 
0	none so far
0	It's life expectancy is SHORT
0	NO PC TERMINAL; poor battery life; painfully slow autofocus
1	Build quality, features, feel
0	Battery hog. Recharge unit/battery is expensive too...
1	Quality of photos, size of camera, and yes, price!
1	Reception, Screen, Ringers, Speaker, & lightweight!
0	Nothing
0	reliability, size
1	Ease of use and small size
0	I sucked at Snake
0	a little noisy, a little slow but it is worth the quality
1	Small, stylish, lightweight, feature-rich
0	Body Shape, Battery door is a little weak, Regular memory sticks don't work
1	GREAT camera for the price!  Takes nice pictures.
0	Be ready to carry floppys.
1	Size, options, durability
0	I wish it was thinner.
1	Great lens, 10x zoom, good flash, easy to use.
0	Price, software, no usb
0	Flimsy Antenna, and a Few Others...
0	no support CompactFlash, a little slow, poor batteries
0	none for the home owner...this is a quality printer
1	mpeg movie opiton w/ video out, 2.8x zoom, fun little camera
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	LCD Display,T.V outputs
1	Good reception, good battery life.
0	This phone is not ring tone compatible and unable to send/recieve text messages.
1	Sleek design , intuitive functions , loads of options
0	no camera
0	battery life
0	Uses batteries pretty fast. 
0	Cheesy tray, jams sometimes
1	A great Speaker Phone - Moe than enough features
1	cheap, reliable, easy to use
0	None visible yet
1	Whisper Quiet, fast, affordable printing
1	Price, Picture Quality, Simplicity
1	Cheap price, great pics most of the time, good value for your money
1	Prints fast text documents, Quality photos.
0	No bells or whistles.
1	GSM 900/1900 GPRS & TDMA 850/1900 network aware
0	metal casing easily scratched, can't lock the mode sellector.
1	Easy to maneuver, handy storage tray, large basket, easy one-hand folding mechanism
0	bad printing image, slow shutter
0	Lousy antenna set-up. See review for modification advice.
0	antennae nub
0	dull text
1	Good, Solid Performer, Very Easy to Use
0	'on/off' button might be confused with shutter release button, battery compartment hinge seems flimsy
0	Slow for high quality pictures
0	none that I have noticed thus far.
1	Bluetooth! , solid design, Great color display, cool ring lights, MP3 ringers
1	Inexpensive; prints in color
1	Screen, BlueTooth,Size, Price
1	It worked fine during the warranty period
1	Built-in digital camera, speakerphone, internet ready, plus much more!
0	Dialing, calling, using, synching, +More
1	Fabulous for the price and great in its day.
1	nice body, paper tray fold up, two sided accessory
1	High quality images
0	Basket inaccessible when using with infant car seat
0	not the best quality
1	Wow! Awesome quality, HP name, fast, USB and Parallel capable.
0	Program mode is not shiftable.
1	Good battery life and large screen.
1	Top notch printing quality in little time!
0	Won't do everything
1	awesome look,feel and design
0	larger than some, use a square view-finder versus an eye-piece
1	Ultra high resolution, clear sharp pictures
0	Eudora internet browsing does not support online secure transactions
0	Trouble with initial set-up, slow to warm up.
0	None that I've discovered
0	Downloaded ringers much quieter than embedded ringers, poor voice quality, battery life.
0	Eats batteries, however use can use NiMH rechargeable batteries that are cheap
1	Low light focusing, SLR
1	Easy to use and inexpensive
0	Poor design, and poor connectivity through the USB.
0	Bulky, Unbalanced, Optical 5X And Memory Stick.
1	Low Price
1	Easy to use, "drag and drop" pics to PC
0	The transition from digital to analog, during a phone call, loses the caller
0	limited memory, no mp3 ringtone support
0	won't always print multiple copies
1	good reception and clarity
0	The printer uses its ink very quickly
1	Low maintenance, low price, reliable
1	Awesome screen, stylish, good reception, loud ringer, strong vibrate, wireless web
1	Small footprint, auto on/off
1	Ease of use, size, price
0	flip button difficult to press at times
0	No tripod mount, no self-timer, poor bundled software.
0	Jam, jam, this printer jams horribly and the error coding system is ridiculous!
1	Two-way radio feature, rugedness, vibration alert
1	Price, Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Great for Beginners
0	expensive (printer and cartridge), cleans very often (making sounds)
0	no optical zoom, sometimes get circles
1	Cost, ink monitor, good print quality, best for text
0	Features take a while to learn&amp;#13;&amp;#10;menu buttons hard to identify
1	Multiple Ink Tanks., Low Price., Boarderless Printing.
1	feature rich (calendar, calculator, games, ring types)
0	Long download time, no a/c adapter included.
1	Uses Compact Flash, AA batteries &amp;amp; takes great pictures
0	Not worth the trouble
1	Cheap
0	Stub attenna doesn't get as good reception as regular attenna.  Battery use annoying sometimes.
1	Light, easy to steer
0	&lt;i&gt;Polaroid&lt;/i&gt; no longer manufactures digital cameras.
0	very slow printing, printing quality not as good as others in price range.
1	Lightweight, 2Mpixel, rotating head
1	Sharp vibrant 8x10s routine. Great manual controls, flash terminal.
1	Speed, use of use, quick set up, two sided printing.
1	Good balance, feels good in the hand. Nice scrolling.
0	Smudges really easily, low storage space.
0	back heavy, tips far too easily
1	Easy to use
1	Quick printing with good quality and easy to use
0	ink cartridges are $30, but they are for any printer in most cases
1	Cost, ease of use, quality of photos
0	Low native resolution, and a marketing trick makes it worse.
0	uses batteries like crazy
0	Poor reception, battery life, and durability.  Can't believe it's a Motorola!
1	Eye-popping images that can stop a conversation dead in it's tracks!
0	USB installation could be more seamless
1	once warmed up, relatively quick for home use
1	Easy to use, reliable, fun!
0	No alphabetical sorted phone list.  Battery Life seems much less than Startac 7768.
0	None&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	It is lightweight and easy to use.
1	Looks way too good...
0	As a phone, it is useless.
1	Small, lightweight, attractive, customization is easy.
1	all-in-one printer, color copies, fast printing speeds
0	This thing eats batteries.
1	Inexpensive to buy and use, good quality printing for home.
0	Below average image editing software. 
1	Great Print Quality, Fantastic speed, Makes Photos that are better the 35mm Prints !
0	Expensive, terrible UI, poor soundquality
1	Reliable and Reasonable Cost
1	HP name, small footprint, low price
1	cheap
0	No cable, print quality.
0	lens cover can malfunction, weak flash, more unstable than bigger cameras, no included power transformer
1	Very good photo quality, lots of manual/creative control,  inexpensive , 
0	No AF illumination beam, no manual exposure options, rechargeable batteries and charger not included 
1	Ultra small size, very light-weight. Good set of features for a small phone.
0	quit working, poor quality pictures
0	None
1	Great quality color prints, large format for printing banners
1	great sound,great camera, great game support.
0	No EDGE
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	Fragile, headset compatibility
1	Great photos, easy to use, fast and quiet
1	Flippy clam-phone. Always on email & legible screen & great battery life.
0	None
1	Great quality images easy to learn and use
1	Wireless Web (basic web is completely free!).  Great size and battery Life.
0	It's Broken right out of the factory!!
1	Easy to use, good quality document and photo printing, nice print options, affordable.
1	Small size, clear reception, so easy to use-my technology impaired dad can operate it.
0	Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to deal with for support
1	lots of features
0	Freezes up all the time and doesn't keep a charge. Useless
0	Drops calls, poor navigation, expensive proprietary cables.
0	it's a digital camera
0	many!
1	simple and cheap
0	Bulky compared to most cellular phone.
0	the turbo lag between pressing the shutter release button and the shutter release.
1	Fast desktop color printer. Parallel and USB connectivity
1	some of the pros include: looks, price, features, camera, battery life, screen
0	not the most attractive
0	None
0	Battery life, bad ring tones, hard to hear with background noise.
0	Poor documentation and support
0	It's ugly
1	Swivel lens, takes CF cards, uses size AA batteries and takes great pictures!
1	keeps numbers very accessible
1	cheap
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Overexposed flash, sometimes arcane pushbuttons and menus.
1	This phone is so technologically advanced, that everything on it is a Pro!
1	excellent pictures, swivel LCD
0	Poor battery life
1	sturdy design, easy to use
0	Sometimes confusing menus and dorky antenna
0	SERVICE, SERVICE, SERVICE!  
0	Expensive consumables.  6-color printing does NOT a photo printer make!
1	Cheap, Good Quality Text, Cheap Ink
0	No lens cover. LCD viewfinder can be hard to see under certain conditions.
0	Major malfunctions
0	Wireless web has been unreliable of late
0	Too big for pockets, not much depth of field. Poor printing lower pixel settings.  
0	you can't make an 8x10 out of pictures
0	Just about everything else
0	Screen color is limited, vision content is lacking
1	Very light, easy to use, state-of-the-art battery life
0	Confusing Menus
0	Scans messed up after prolonged scanning. Auto straighten function needs tuning.
0	Shutter lag is a little slow and no sound for videos! 
0	none
0	N60 body, ISO 320, no spot meter, Menus and operation are not intuitive.
1	Has almost every feature you could dream of.
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
1	Outstanding image quality, very easy to use, great software
1	great text and photo printing
1	Small size, picture size for the money
1	Speed, cartridge life, price
1	Easy enough for beginners, plus lots of options for advanced users.
1	Durability, size, menus
0	Battery life extremely short
1	Fast, beautiful print quality.  Can use parallel or usb.  
0	Verizon's replacement user interface.
1	Multifunction color copier/scanner/fax/printer
1	size, easy to learn, easy to use, configurable, multi-flash and multi-frame photography, short waiting time between pictures
0	Unforgiving flash
1	Inexpensive, good color, not too hard on the eyes
0	Lousy reception.  Menu is hard to use.  Bad location for Ringer volume control.
1	The price
1	Easy to use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
0	Short battery life when using LCD, no zoom
0	Small buttons
1	easy to use, handles well, lots of features for the price
1	stylish
1	Still working wonderfully after 4 years.  Has good print quality and is simple to operate.
0	nothing
1	Easy to use and you will like the results
1	All of the Above
1	User Friendly in every way
0	none
0	None that I see!
1	Affordable
1	Small camera that can fit in your pocket, but not so small.
1	Downloads from memory card, great color and resolution
1	Decent price replacement ink carts
0	Larger Than Average in Size.
0	slow, many little problems
0	holster, speaker not loud enough, slow processor, lousy manual
1	compact and light
1	Price, quality of work
0	High Price, Download software a little awkward
0	Battery, antenna, the speaker is worthless, and the headset feature is junk.
0	serial photo download, large physical size, control buttons touchy.
0	Pricey? Yes, but worth it.
1	Thin and light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
1	fast, reliable, good quality
1	Takes awesome pictures; easy to use
1	Compact, stylish, easy to use, 4 megapixels, great optics and more...
1	Color display, polyphonic ringtones
1	Car seat fits on the stroller
1	Its small and reliable, it will fit on any desktop. 
0	battery is non-standard, LCD could be better outdoors, pricey
0	Can take awhile to print higher quality images. Cartridge cost can add up.
1	As small as a large magic marker, good, simple e-camera to carry all the time.
0	um...... a little on the expensive side
0	external antena can break, black/white screen, lousy games
1	Easy to use, durable, good resolution, memories for a lifetime
1	Easy to use, image quality
1	Excellent Photos, UltraCompact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Durable, Sleek, with itegrated lens-cap &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Remote&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Slightly cool pictures, difficult low light focus.
1	Compact size, Excellent vol. control, Full of features
1	Stunningly high-quality prints, excellent resolution
0	Flashier and slightly bigger, but not clearly superior to the 8260
1	Inexpensive to buy; inexpensive non-epson cartridges available; simple to operate.
0	Bulky, Heavy and Limited features
0	Printer is larger then most inkjets. High price of replacement Ink Carts. 
0	battery life, only 1.3 
1	nice new design, ease of use, flexible
1	Fast, very good quality, cheap, great software, easy to set up.
1	Compact and light
1	small and compact
0	Only comes with 4MB CF, extremely short battery life.
0	Fair Battery-life, hard for one-hand operation, Dim Screen, One-Beep Alarm/reminder, Doggy reception, Weak Vibration....
1	Awesome Photo Quality, Great Features, Movie Mode, Advanced Camera Features
1	excellent reception-never drops a call,easy to carry and cofortable keypad.
0	Only Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom, Bulky
0	low tones/rings
0	No color.
1	bluetooth Macintosh synchronization
1	everything
0	You can't check on the numbers that called you, HORRIBLE customer service
1	Separately replaceable colors, fast, quiet, quality output
1	Nice size, good battery life, nice features.
1	cute, light weight, simple to use
0	Slow, Holds only black OR color cartridge at one time.
0	Certain options are required.
0	Battery usage
1	Price, "phone-yness", improved design - the Flip part is sturdier.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
0	Horrible weak antenna. Get it wet and it dies
0	BATTERY COVER VERY LOOSE, SCREEN FLICKERS AND DISSAPEARS, HAD TO REPLACE 4X
1	Clarity, Loud, Long Battery Life, Great Features.
0	Not many from what I can see.
1	Decent battery, vibrate, faceplates, lots of ringtones, small.
1	The size is really small it fits into my pocket were ever i go.
1	EASY TO USE!!  Very great selection of features, quality and price!  ACCESSORIES!
0	No external battery charger
1	size, detail, construction
1	Low cost, Good output.
1	Don't need to boot up the computer to make color or B&amp;W copies.
1	Quality of output; price; speed
1	Very small, functional, reasonable battery life.
0	Handlebars seem rickety; a bit heavy to be used for travel
1	Small without being too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
0	Heavy to carry around....not really a pocket camera, control layout messy, stingy standard memory stick
0	Price
0	almost non-existent tech support
1	Small, InfaRed compatible
1	Great pictures, easy to use, many features, attractive styling
0	Needs frequent black ink change
1	Cheap.
0	A bit slow. EXPENSIVE consumables. "Handy" bundled applets.
1	Good printing quality
0	none
0	poor reception, many disconnected calls
0	It is sort of big and awkward and can sometimes be hard to set up.
0	low build/design quality
0	Pricey at regular price, power hog.
1	Ease of installation, use and Kodak quality
1	Swell buy for the price, 
0	There are still advances to be made, but this is the best
1	Quality and Speed
0	None yet.
0	low ink reserves
0	Image quality satisfactory.
0	Faceplate can scratch, call log menu is confusing, some menus are too nested.
1	Small, easy to use, convenient, good quality.
0	Nose hits LCD when looking through rangefinder, Battery life is a bit short
0	Heavy, enormous, and nearly impossible to steer on uneven terrain.
0	Loud
1	Outstanding quality, speed, features, warranty...
1	Great concept
1	excellent camera
0	jams at times if paper isn't in straight
0	Slow, but not for the price
1	Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
0	Included ringtones are truly awful, color screen hard to see outside in sunlight.
1	Cheap, Easy to use, Good cartoon quality, cute!
0	bulky antenna, impossible to flip w one hand, short battery life
0	still searchin...
1	Compact traveling size.
0	Pricey, learning curve. May be more to manage/set up than some users care for.
1	Oversize paper capability
0	Battery life could be longer, delayed shooting.
0	"One paper at a time please"
1	Easy to use, high quality, versatile
1	Take Anywhere Size with full features
1	Fast, Quiet, Easy to use, no jams so far
0	Just not a great printer
1	Ease of setup and operation, software
0	A little harder to carry.
1	Small, MANY Features, Awesome style, Great feel, Good selection of ringtones, Vibrate, Customizable
1	Very sleek look; quality build
0	It's junk.
0	Terrible in low light
0	the viewfinder can be hard to use in direct sunlight
0	Blew up my Windows 98 for four days
0	Photos are mediocre.  Lighting can effect web camera adversely
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
0	Poor Buttons, confusing menu's
0	price.
0	Not for color printing.
0	Expensive batteries, slow connection speed.
1	Excellent software design, Good reception, polyphony ringtones, GPRS
0	a little noisy, photo output a little too dark.
1	The phone is slim, compact and sleek.
1	Speed, color,quiet, good text
0	Camera size and body not as attractive as others out there.
1	Light and Small, Durable, easy to use menu, cheap
0	Lacks color LCD and camera feature.
0	Slow Start-up, sometimes oversaturated colors...
0	colors aren't always perfect, LCD screen can be deceptive, only records a maximum of 60 seconds worth of video
0	Low res for camera and recorder, sensative keys, low speakerphone volume.
1	Photo quality, ease of use, LCD display, included 8MB Smartmedia card
0	cost of cartridges
1	Everything
0	Weak backlight; Kind of rattles when Vibrating;
1	excellent quality and decent price
1	The best picture quality I've seen the cameras in that price range!
1	long life, clear, lots of features, vibrate ring mode
1	New Look, color screen, and internet ready
1	Clear reception, light weight, and you're able to change the banner.
1	small, durable phone has volume control and fits in my purse!
1	&lt;b&gt;Loves&lt;/b&gt; to print text...I got it cheap...includes good software
1	Tiny, cute, lightweight, many features, great volume, access to the internet
1	Pull-Out Antenna, Tri-Mode, WebBrowser and Text Msging Enabled
1	Nice screen. Small size.
0	none
0	Parts have broken easily, small canopy
1	Clearness,vivid pictures, ease of use
1	bang for the buck
1	Size, price and quality.
1	Display, battery life, menus
1	Decent speed and color for the price.
0	Have to buy extra memory to take a lot of pictures
1	Cheap currently selling for $99
1	The lights, the battery life, the pictures.
1	Clear sound, easy to understand features, inexpensive
0	Voice dialing for only 20 entries, price
0	Glass LCD screen (but most Palms seem to have that)
0	Large and can be a little bulky, voice dial isn't too great.
0	SUCKS,SUCKS, SUCKS!!!!!!!!!
0	slow speed, paper jams
1	PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	TFT Color screen, lots of features, especially interesting ringers, java, awesome looking, slim!!
0	Excruciating slow menu, cumbersome menu interface
0	Very defective product no fixes from HP
0	Some menus are difficult to navigate
0	battery life, LEMON-PRONE, bad customer service.
0	Battery drainer
0	None.
0	Worthless piece of junk
0	Motion shots aren't as good. Batteries go w/o notice. Lens cap.
0	None
1	Great signal, durable, compact
0	bulky frame and cheesey silver color
1	Great Design
0	autofocus takes too long 
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to loud
1	Looks cool, reasonable price.
1	its aight
0	Eats batteries.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A little on the heavy and big side.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;FocusLock is semi-annoying.
0	not a whole lot of options for scanning print speed is somewhat slow.
1	Contacts, Calendar, Reliability, Volume Control & Clarity
1	Size; easy carry. Plenty of cool features. Bright, good quality, easily read color display.
1	cool looking. decent pics. like the flash and size options.
1	Speedy, and individual colour cartridges.  Out tray folds up to save space.
1	Cheap.  Unlike disposables, you get what is in the frame.
1	Great print quality, holds up under frequent use
0	I couldn't find cons when it came to this printer. I loved everything. 
1	folder structure,large memory, user friendly, polyphonic, light, colour
0	Battery life!! Reception, durability, speaker loudness or softness should I say
0	Flimsy construction on the earpiece speaker
1	Great Print Quality, Easy Setup, great price
1	Price, on-screen display, ease of use
1	Screen, camera, keypad easy to use, nice form factor, good controls, excellent software
1	Easy to Install, Ink cartridges are reasonable, easy to use, PC &amp; Mac compatible
0	Pricey printer and comsumables
0	touchy
1	Durable flip phone which is easy to use.
1	Good sound volumes and speakerphone works well. Real unhappy about the battery situation.
0	Bulky size, battery glutton, software problems with PC connections
1	Small, light weight, lots of features.
1	The fax works
0	price 
0	Doesn't meet everyone's budget for a printer.
0	Bulky when folded, difficult to maneuver as children get older, no adult key/drink tray.
1	Price, quality, ease of use.
1	Very Easy to Use.
0	Expensive print cartridges
0	No camera
0	Smearing, bad print quality, noise, refusing to print, printing worthless symbols &amp;amp; characters
0	It broke several times!
1	Wonderful Pictures: Fairly easy to use.
1	Lightweight, fun, easy to use, and very functional. Lots of features for next to nothing.
1	It produces a great quality photo.
0	Expensive, basic features
0	vague battery indicator, camera has no flash
1	Great photo print quality, wide carriage for Super A3/B prints
1	Quiet, speed, quality work
0	Photo quality, included software, battery life, no case, slow picture transfer to computer, no zoom
1	One unit into one , fast, and great product.
1	A Great all around Product
0	Does not have full features.
1	Inexpensive, often rebate bonuses, excellent print resolution
1	Easy to use, nice quality pics
0	Very Stripped, no lens cap or filter, and the LCD is useless in sunlight.
0	Battery life, when you use the backlight feature.
0	Small buffer for movie file - your movie's over when it's full; tripod helps.
1	Easy to use, great quality, great value, great flexibility.
1	cheap
0	Software instructions difficult to understand and implement
1	Compact and nice quality for the price
1	Great photo quality, dependable, drivers available for Mac and PC.
1	good pictures, Good exposure, low cost, compact, very easy to use
1	Clear, printable pictures. More options than you can use.
1	Looks nice and very helpful
1	EVERYTHING
0	obstinate paper feed, slow 
1	Available at no cost through many plans.
0	no recharge-able battery
0	View finder obstruction... slow focus
0	None yet
0	Eats up batteries, no A/C adapter, no video output
0	Poor battery door, long delay for pictures, poor controls
1	Superb styling, portability, cusomisation, and loaded with features.
0	Somewhat long warm-up time on first page
1	Scanner, Color Ink-jet printer, Fax, and Photo center all in one!
0	poor control layout, hard to program
0	expensive, dark LCD,  low-light capability, very advanced (not great for beginners)
0	Dropped calls, poor battery life, user unfriendly.
1	Tons of features, sleek, light-weight, good quality
0	Only 2X optical zoom; slow downloading
0	a bit spendy.
0	No onscreen display of cartridge usage, so you know when you're getting low.
1	It's a Nikon, great colors most of the time. Solid
1	Great Pictures, Fixed Focal Length, Long Battery Life, Easy to Use
0	a bit pricey, does not have a shut-down mode.
1	High quality for the money.
0	Fragile, bad design on the antenna (constantly breaks), and expensive.
1	Tons of features. Simple to use!
0	None found yet.
1	Excellent print quality for less than $100.00 dollars...
1	Fairly Small, Lots of ring options, alarm clock, and caller ID
1	nice print quality , good large format printing work horse
0	Rather noisy, expensive cartridges, color prints are slow
1	many pros.,wheels,both babies can lie down,play with each other and more.
1	Convenient, easy to use, good photos
0	Microdrive si very fragile!  Can be easily broken!
1	Easy to use.  Good resolution.  Quiet.  Quick.  Comparably inexpensive.
0	Can't use half the features thanks to The Interface From Hell. Antenna makes shoulder-holders shrug.
0	Too many to mention
1	Inexpensive, picture quality
1	easy to use, light weight.
1	good design, easy to use
0	BATTERY LIFE, reception
1	Impressive detail of the image, natural color.
0	Doesn't have anything special other than just a camera phone.
1	Great price, Great entry level camera, attractive design
1	thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
0	flip-cover seems a bit flimsy
0	loose battery
0	no AC Adapter, no lens adapter, 
0	Batteries can go fast if you dont get good ones
0	Audible Quality, NiMH Battery, Button Size/Placement
0	Size and reception.
1	All-in-One Design, Ease of use, Lots of Extra's.
0	paper does not feed
1	Cheap
0	Small viewfinder, hard to focus.
0	Battery hog , slight movement makes pictures blurry
0	digital screen is a little hard to read, paper tray doesn't hold a lot
1	Very simple use
0	None
0	No lcd backlight, low light focusing tough, 16mb flash card as standard
1	Cheap
1	Fast printer. Easy setup. Dependable.
0	Bad cartridge life
0	Infant seat attachment makes stroller bulky!
1	It is fast, easy to install and use, compact.  
1	Small and light; very easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Epson does not support: has lines in output
1	Easy fold and great safety featured
0	none
0	Long shutter lag if you don't prefocus.
1	LOW COST, EASY USE, GOOD QUALITY
0	none
0	Very heavy and takes up too much room
1	5 point harness, nice canopy, easy to fold/unfold, lots of storage space, very comfy looking seat
1	Low price, ease of installation and use, excellent text output and good color output
0	back brakes are not the greatest
0	At $199, still more than most are willing to pay
0	Do you expect anything at this price.
0	Uses the color cartridge to make black ink, didn't come with any cables
1	Lightweight, compact, folds up small, looks cool
1	Very small,light weighted,changeable faceplates
0	Price of Ink Cartridges
1	T9 predictive text, blue LED backlighting, cheap
1	inexpensive, quality printouts
1	Easy to set up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
0	4 way navig. buttons hard to use, macro capability not what I expected
1	Many options, good reception, lightweight.
1	Quality prints and fast printing
1	Digital, Lots of pictures, Easy to use
1	Good Price, very clear and large color screen, extendable entena
1	Small, Light, 4.0 MP, Prints Great Pictures, Good Red Eye reduction, 3X Zoom, , , 
0	difficult on screen navigation, limited optical zoom
0	Kind of big.
1	small, high resolution, easy to transfer
0	noisy and jerks the paper
0	Continuous problems with printing
0	reception, batt. life, call volume, quality
1	Many features, easy to use, stylish
0	Ink runs out fast, original driver sucks.
0	batteries drain quickly with LCD use, only equivalent to ISO 100 film..
0	Uses a lot of battery power, Not very durable
0	Diskette type affects image quality
1	Great quality, resolution, movie, sound
1	Print quality, printing speed
1	High printing speed, easy to install, can print while scanning or receiving fax
1	Ease of operation, excellent picture quality, value
1	Cheap, Color Screen
0	connection problems, tedious menus, on/off button hard to use
0	printer cable that you have to buy separately
1	Fast, easy to install, good text and photo output
1	Easy USB setup, individual color cartridges.
0	Had to buy extra battery for vibrating, new smaller phones out
1	good quality printing
0	quiet speaker in large crowds, hinge is kind of cheap (quality wise), not many features
1	Lots of features, Great battery, great outdoor pictures.
1	Easy to use,Tough
1	size, voice activated dialing, ease of use
0	too slow
0	slow LCD
1	Great in Analog only areas Quick to find Digital when available.
0	Just a bit bulky, hard to find volume on side without looking
1	Convenient, durable, easy to wash
0	none
1	Jam-packed with features, Low Price!
1	great pictures, easy to use, pro settings
1	great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	This things flies!  Flawless text!  
1	Size
1	solid construction; responsive; IR port; loud volume; internal battery; small
1	Speed, low noise level, auto cartridge alignment, overall construction
0	thick shape is not as nice as Nikon 775; geared towards point &amp; shooters
1	easy, fits easily in a purse or some bigger pockets, price
0	Not Cheap, Less Features than cheaper phones
1	Point and Shoot Simplicity
0	None!
0	Menu's and ring tones.
0	power runs out before pictures do
0	Not Great Quality Even on &amp;#147;fine&amp;#148;
0	Small buttons take some getting used to, no case included
0	If one function breaks your without them all
1	Small size, multiple features
1	Very fast, High Quality
1	Very Affordable and Compact
0	Durability, Battery Life
0	Software forces removal of very expensive ink cartridges!!
0	Problem with bent CF pins.   Icons too small to read.  Software very limited.
0	Larger and heavier than some digitals.
1	Many good features
1	warning the ink is running out
1	*Small Portable digital camera, *Good cam for first use , *Very easy to install
1	Great color! Great picture capacity for the camera! Awesome battery life! Sleek style! Decent Pictures
1	Easy directions, great size
0	The size is a little bulky, doesnt come with a USB cable.
0	no cable included, not meant for photo quality printing
1	Small, Pocket-sized, Attractive appearance, many accessories
0	too hard to install
1	10X optical zoom, cheap memory.
0	Very basic in amenities.
0	Holster, screen, battery, CAN'T DOWNLOAD PICS!!
0	Warning may cause marital strife.
0	Bad photo quality: focus, file size, dark image.
1	awesome picture quality, 6x optical zoom, video mode, manual controls
1	Affordable printer that produces exceptional quality every time.
1	Inexpensive Digital Pictures
1	Wonderful Printer, one of the best for photos... lives up to the name!
1	quality, enlargeable images; sturdy; macro capability
1	Picture clarity, Kodak Name, Ease of Use, Zoom
0	None yet.
0	does not have bluetooth
1	durable, color screen, cheap, functional, good battery life, durable
0	need both hands to fold or unfold!
0	Topmost buttons a bit hard to press, not a major thing though.
0	Handle could be longer
0	Not a true jogging stroller, weight, tires are small, 5 point harness could be better.
0	Low Resolution
0	Don't expect many colors!
0	Time lag between pressing shutter button and recording picture.
1	Amazing design, sleek interface, camera, planner, audio, video, 500 contact list, internet browser, swerve cam
0	See above.
0	very low pixels,high battery usage
1	medium size, light, very easy to use 
1	small, light, sounds clear
0	A little slow for high-volume printing.
0	little built-in memory, small Memory Stick provided, no EDGE support, ?durability of active slide
1	Price
1	Strong flash, direct TV connection, Free photo editing software, above average pic quality
0	every body is getting them, originality factor minimized.
1	Print quality, quiet operation, low price
1	Superb picture quality.  Comfortable design.  USB connection = fast downloads.  Low-light shutter function!
0	BATTERY LIFE STINKS, DURABILITY STINKS
1	Compact,high resolution,razor sharp and bright LCD
0	Too cheap to keep
0	Slightly large, battery life short for a Nokia, headset, power button location
1	Inexpensive, small, good for ebay
1	Good quality pictures for a low price, great first camera
0	sticky flash door, sometimes hard to hold
0	batteries do go quickly
0	price
0	now seems old technology
0	Bad signal reception!!!
0	battery life is short, docking station should be part of the package
0	not enough designs
0	None that I've found yet.
1	Small, cute faceplate and luminiscent backlight. Volume adjusts during calls.
0	battery life, cost
1	A great phone.
1	Photo quality; Price; Easy to use; Good manual options
1	Many useful features, excellent picture quality, easy photo transfer from camera to computer.
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
0	Flash uses batteries fast, software could be better, usb can be finicky pictures are mediocre
1	Instant pictures that look great
0	No filter thread, focusing inaccurate, slow startup, optical viewfinder
1	easy to use, great quality of documents
1	Something to do during boring lectures.
1	Nice Size, Easy to Use
1	Great Value! Good Quality Printing
0	Short battery life, user un-friendly
1	Very easy to use, good features and quality pictures. USB
0	Price a little high at $299... but, it's the best phone I've ever owned.
0	cost
0	Pricey accessories. No standard headphone jack.
0	Night shots aren't the greatest.  Sony software is kinda weak.
1	Great phone all around.
0	Serial Cable has slow transfer speeds
1	lightweight, bright LCD, many features, excellent clarity
0	battery life can be short sometimes but it only takes 2 batteries
1	Easy to use, very inexpensive
0	Screen could be brighter, weak battery for talk time
1	great pictures, optical zoom, lots of features
1	Long battery life, Small,  Clear Sound.&#13;&#10;Switches from digital to analog automatically
1	price and 8 megs of memory
0	Cumbersome menus, drops long calls.
0	Bad function quality
0	I'm afraid to drop it or bump it against anything, small keys
1	Sleek STEEL body, Great picture quality, nice design.
0	Difficult getting microdive/compact flash out of camera
1	Quality construction, good shape and feel. Decent address book. Good speakerphone.
1	Quality of Pictures, Quality &amp;amp; Feel of Camera
1	Great-looking; small/compact; light; doesn't heat up.
1	size!, easy of use, cuteness
0	Slow print speeds, expensive cartridges, tech support is the worst.
0	Big and Bulky, Pricey
1	Looks, comfort for baby, name
1	Quiet, great photos, fast, good software driver, excellent HP support
1	No paper jams. Excellent support. Good price.
0	The talk time isnt the best, though I am a phone hog.
0	uses ink fast but it takes ink to make an image
1	ease of use, great software
0	Too much noise, slows computer down, shakes my printer stand
0	Always in analog. Kicked off towers easily.  No fun ringers and not a color screen.
1	Quick printing speed, great resolution, paper never jams
0	Print time
0	none
1	All in one device, Dial from address book, Apps and Games on the go
1	Good (intended) multifunctionality in a single device.  Decent InkJet copier
0	Multiple technical  problems, unreliable
1	Lightweight, durable, easy to maneuver, functional, versatile
0	slow, poor quality camera, lousy usability
1	Clarity, size, and design!
0	Lens cap keeps falling off.
0	doesn't hold charge as long as i would like.
0	Short battery life, and it's not an SLR.
1	Great web browsing!Decent internet speed depending on where u are.Overall AMAZING PDA!
0	INFORMATION IN THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL CAN BE LIMITED.
1	Fast Color printer Great Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Both USB and IEEE Ports
1	Easy to operated. Comes ready with AC, black and color cartridges. Hidh res printer.
0	Basically Everything.
0	durability, really small in size, key pad button sizes, port tabs
1	quality photos, stored on diskette
1	small design
0	sometimes difficult to operate complicated tasks
1	Good for a first time digital camera user.
0	lack of network support
0	No camera
1	There are absolutely no redeeming features about this phone.
0	poor in low light without flash
0	Very expensive
1	Small, yet very sturdy; Great feel to the buttons; awesome voice dialing
1	Easy to use, floppy disk storage
1	Prints PostScript, Large Format Capacity
0	One day,  D:1E10 appeared in screen and the camera did not work after that.  
0	Camera has limited utility, buttons may be too small for some.
0	Slow everything, flimsy feeling, requires experience and expensive: external charger not included, 
1	Fast, excellent connectivity, light on tonner
0	maybe software
0	a little bulkier then 35 mm!
0	No viewfinder, battery life could be better
1	Relatively quick, durable
0	Ringer / Vibrate are weak. Menu Design a bit confusing.
1	3x optical zoom, excellent image quality, fast recycle time
0	Scratches easily, Web browser
1	Super quiet, prints out sharp photos.
1	Great color screen, short charging time, excellent sounds
1	Lightweight, world phone by T-mobile, clear, excellent signal.
1	good quality printing
0	Poor battery reporting by the camera.
0	I use voice stream,,,, but they are getting better
1	Compact
0	I can't think of any to be honest
1	print quality, price, versatility
0	A little bulky
0	Horrible speaker phone sound quality, less than great battery life
1	Some cool features--CDPD, programmable ringtones, etc.
1	Good price, okay quality.
0	Not a battery meter. Red eye reduction does not work well.
1	storage onto a mini CDRW that is cheap and re-usable time and time again
1	fast, easy, don't have to wait for developing
1	Simple, elegant, changeable covers.
0	no zoom; power usage issues
0	None in my book!
1	Very lightweight yet sturdy.  Folds up like an umbrella stroller.  Good for tall parents.
0	only one copy every thirty seconds
0	Some features can't be accessed by software if Windows XP. No paper manual.
0	Price, Grip, and Overall size and weight
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	Extremely easy to push, well built
0	The batteries don't seem to last very long.
1	nice quality of prints
1	Small size, battery life, sound quality
1	Can fit in your pocket
1	lots of features, good reception & battery, good design
0	Charging constraints, camera malfunctions, and movement constraints
0	a little slow
0	Price, flimsy antenna, weight
0	Number of pics camera stores and battery
1	no big weakness
0	Layout, battery.
1	Great clarity, built-in speaker phone, looks sharp, easy to use, and VERY Cool
1	Size, quality, uses standard Compact Flash
1	Ease of use
0	The only con is that they did not come out with this phone sooner.
1	Decent image quality.  VERY tiny and really is "pocketable".
0	warm up is slightly slow
0	No camera, internet service is slow
1	quiet and efficient
1	Great photos.
0	Weighs a lot because of 4 AA batteries
0	adapter and battery usage
1	good pic quality &amp;amp; price
1	sturdy, good audio quality
1	High resolution, easy to use, rechargeable batteries, can record movies
0	plain paper output not as sharp, slow in high quality modes
0	4M card.
0	Reliability, large size, bad LCD, slow
1	Nice looking ornament - look else for service that isn't CINGULAR.
0	Noisy when you first turn it on.  Bad color quality when printing to photo paper!
0	No optical zoom, batteries go fast, weak flash
1	Not bad price for a zoom camera
0	Small Standard Memory Stick
1	Has everything you need and more.
1	Good price.  Text/color print is very good and fast.
0	Large screen provides more area to get oily, maybe a bit _too_ feature-rich
0	screen is somewhat "blocky"
0	Small display size
0	a little higher price but worth it
1	a lot , i imagine
0	Low resolution text, pale color, slow
0	Sometimes has trouble taking in paper and shakes a lot when it prints
1	Quality photos, easy to use, price.
0	Digital as vs. Optical zoom, slow download speed using serial cable
0	Poorly built in some areas.
1	Small size, calendar, long battery life, and most important, the look on your friends' faces.
1	easy to use, compact, excellent photo quality
0	batteries get used up fast, nothing else comes to mind.
1	Packed with features, web access is convenient
1	Image quality, design, ease of use, good auto and manual mode photos, build quality excellent.
1	Great price, easy to use, takes good photo's. 
0	Eats batteries like candy
1	Good Picture Quality / Easy to use / Small enough for your pocket
0	None.
0	moving photos are harder to take, no manual focus
1	Easy, lightweight, durable, good pics
1	Digital, can put on computers, viewing screen, quality and flash settings, does not use film, durable, easy to use.
0	Software is bulky
0	doesn't print in color but I don't use color
0	nothing
0	battery life is not long enough
1	Wonderful zoom, great display, small body but large enough to hold comfortably.
0	Instructions can be unclear at times, no carrying case
1	Sliding cover phone, computer and palm pilot all rolled into one!
0	none yet
0	low battery life
1	Great optics, 4X optical zoom lens, system capabilities.
1	Ease of use.
1	Superior quality for the low cost
0	Poor visibility in dark rooms and no frame number memory
1	Fax is nice and clean
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	a little pricey as phones go, but compares with much higher-priced models.
1	Prints good quality photos, greeting cards and such. Easy to use and hook up!
1	attractive, well designed, intuitive,
0	paper jams
0	Flash-work less reliable; picture quality sags. 
0	Bulky!!
0	Picture's for email and internet were VERY POOR.
1	It does everything
0	small ink wells, slow 
1	Design was a nice idea
0	Extremely slow graphics printing;  Long startup delay;
1	everything
0	I have not yet found any dislikes.
0	Disappointing.  Poor low-light capabilities; sporadic quality of images.
1	Great Photos/Floppy Storage
1	Simple to use, Compact size, Works with Windows 98,99
0	Papper loading, top loading
1	Great color response in daylight.  Excellent lens quality and zoom factor.
1	Lightweight, good battery, easy to use
1	Small and affordable
0	You lose units if someone calls you.
1	See Below
0	Address book, menus, backlighting
1	Clear print and copy quality
0	Flip part does not cover screen, wireless web
1	good price, quiet, effective
0	Nokia 8210 is high quality, but a little bit expensive.
0	none so far
0	Bad scans, flaky, cheap plastic box/hinges, cant clean underside glass.
0	the name isn't HP
1	Features, voice clarity, reception, camera, durability
1	Small, sleek, color screen, lots of features, good quality, screen on front of phone
0	Very expensive if purchased at full price.
0	Poor, poor quality... flimsy, loose flip. Buggy software
1	Long talk time; Nice display; Good sound and commands
1	battery life, ability to enter multiple numbers for one person, durability, display
1	Fairly decent for someone just learning to use a digital camera
1	Incredibly strong case, good speaker phone
0	HP does not have an 800 number for tech support
1	Small, with nice 2 way radio
0	nothing bad about it
0	Not a good stroller for twins unless they are toddler age.
1	Great pictures, wonderful flip-out LCD, MD support, add on lenses, ISO 50, RAW
0	basket is small and difficult to get items out of; rear wheels difficult to lock/unlock
1	small size, clear pitcures, Olympus name
0	Battery Consumption
0	have to press too hard to take picture, red-eye is obvious even with red-eye option on, hard to find accessories
0	Battery life, flash is terrible
1	fast printing, great colors, great printer
1	Speed, Durability, Ease of Use, Cost
1	Meets Specifications
0	Perfection demands a high price.
1	Good printing quality
1	It Is A Digital Camera
1	Great investment for the money
0	none
1	4,096 colors Display,
1	clean copies, good quality color printing, easy to use, reasonable price
0	Short battery life, does not come with many necessary accessories, poor resolution.
0	expensive for a 2 megapixel camera, no carrying case included, small compactflash included
0	buttons and controls are small and hard to read.  Tricky slide and move function not necessary for ease of use.
1	It was cheap.
1	good quality, easy to maintain, reliable
1	great colored screen, stylish, and compact
1	small foot print
0	none
1	Cheap, small footprint
1	Easy to hold and operate
0	price/no flash during movie mode/4mb stick
1	Very portable, fast, high resolution text printing, good color printing
1	Great phone, full of features. Fantastic screen.
1	Price, Simplicity, Quality
1	Good for a short while.
0	Camera leaves a bit to be desired
0	high cost
0	high ink useage, software is difficult to install properly on Win XP
0	Poor download time
0	Slow and hungry, no USB cable included
0	Battery life, reception, durability, no web browser
1	A reasonably accomplished attempt at building an all-in-one machine.
1	100% excellent cellular phone, computer sync
1	Nice colors, compact and very easy to use.
1	Voice Dialing, Navigation in menus while on a call, and a Ring tone composer.
1	Lots of easy to use features, spectacular picture quality
0	Picture quality in low light
1	Size, built, image quality
1	Small, Light, Easy to use, Good features, 10 second timer
0	zoom a little difficult
0	only 1.3 pixels
0	Heavy, not built for turbulence.....
1	very stylish, easy to fold up, doesn't take up a lot of space, drives/steers well
0	video feature not useful, cost
0	lots of technical problems
1	Sharp clear pics with good color.  Canon quality zoom lens.
0	Expensive, proprietary technology, not enough manual tweaking for pros, one step below professional quality 
1	Flashy design, lots of options. Excellent reception.
1	Performance for the price
0	Battery Killer, A little bulky
1	Simple to start using, easy download, advanced photo techniques, long battery life if LCD isn't used
0	inability to communicate with pc's
1	Small, Easy To Use.
1	pushes very nicely, beautiful, 5-point safety harness, full boot
0	Price (all digital cameras!), 16MB memory would have been much better
1	Compact, nice design, lots of options, good manual options, high quality pictures, easy but powerful
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
0	Eats batteries, can have trouble focusing
1	Address book is accessible with cursor arrow. the navi key is a "current available function"
1	Ease of use, 4AA batteries, compact
1	Tough case and stable signals.
0	HEAVY
1	Professional features, outstanding quality, excellent battery life
0	flash limits after about 8 feet image tails off
0	cost of cartridges
1	Great images, flexibility from full automation to manual control, good menu system
1	great for the one not on the go and the one that is.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Black finish, image quality, 5 megapixels.
1	Small, lightweight, features
1	a &amp;quot;snap&amp;quot; to use, variety of functions, lightweight
1	simple to install, clear text print, inexpensive
1	Small good digital outdoor shots
1	Easy to use
0	Noisy, no ink level indicator, no Windows XP drivers (official)
1	Fast printing, Excellent print quality, HP warranty, duplex module, &amp; low price
1	Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web most things young teens want man! basic phone
0	Too long to turn ON/OFF, only 20 voice-dialing numbers, battery life a bit short
0	Delays in shutter release, delays between shots, hard to turn off flash
1	One word describes this camera - TINY.  This is, without a doubt the best feature.
0	Slow, cartridges $35+
1	Navigation stick, Price
0	image quality, battery life, usability
1	Lightweight, attractive, protected lens, internal memory, great zoom, expansion slot.
1	Many features, excellent quality, great Macro.. SLR!
1	Good accuracy, good quality, cheap
1	Good reception, nice and small, has a flip, easy to use, decent battery life
1	customizable keys, battery life, appearance, IR sync with computer
0	cost of cartriges
0	Only one cartridge
0	Modest storage, no USB cable included, have to download detailed manual
1	does print
0	None
1	Rides smoothly over dirt, grass, small rocks, etc.
1	long lasting ink cartridges, good printing output
1	More features than I expected.
0	small baskets, canopy doesn't block sun, expensive
1	Excellent print quality, particularly photographs. Solid as a rock.
1	price, print quality
0	design flaws and missing features, marginal image quality
0	If Only It Werent AT&T
1	Great Pictures / Great Price / Easy to use.
1	Good Image Quality/Excellent Value
1	Photo Quality, SmartMedia Compatable, ease of use, battery life
0	Loud AC adapter, slightly wrinkles paper
0	Price depreciation too fast
0	big, flash pics not-so-great
0	Does not vibrate
1	you could contact your love one
0	low light conditions. macro mode
0	None for the "average" user
1	Stylish, compact, easy to use, and VERY durable
1	small, light, small, light, small...
1	Size,ease of use,functionality
0	Build quality low, divided responsibility for warranty issues
0	Off center viewfinder, poor quality images.
0	Battery Life, No Optical Zoom, Doesn't Come with Rechargable Batteries
1	Looks very cool, more memory/less cost, many features, still and moving pictures.
0	Very slow in taking photo
0	Battery Problems
0	Under-powered flash
1	Easy to Use
1	Easy to read screen, can change face plates
1	Small, sleek, cute, durable, fun, handy, covers come in cool colors!
0	Ink Prices Are Crazy!
1	Unique;add photos to contact numbers; waterproof
1	Nice, Fast,
0	Auto-focus could be better
0	Not at all pocketable. Lousy lens cap
0	No UBS connection or adaptor...slow response time.
1	It does everything!
0	Confusing menus, a bit on the bigger side, but still pocket friendly
1	SIZE, durability, speakerphone.
1	It could do a lot of stuff.
1	as seen on NBC's Las Vegas and Law & Order
1	WOW!  Great Quality--So easy!
1	Palm Pilot and phone in one unit,
1	has all the goodies!
1	Flash?
1	High resolution, cheap.
1	Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
1	everything
1	Small Size, 3.2 megapixels, Metal body, AiAF focus system, CF memory, user friendly.
1	light weight, long battery life, small, very cheap
1	use to take places and you get great pictures
0	Poor quality when zooming more than 1.5x; battery life somewhat short.
0	gold face plate standard
0	Expensive cartridges, flimsy input tray.
0	Nothing out of the ordinary
1	great camera
0	Control menus can be a minor problem, until you get used to them. 
0	rough, loud ride
1	fast, quiet, dependable, quality printing
1	Great printer; great rebate!
1	Electronics are very good.
0	No light on the watch you can't tell the time at night.
1	Ease of use, picture quality, convenience and price of file transfer media (floppy disk)
1	Customer support, value for dollar
0	Battery needs to be replaced quickly
0	Slightly cumbersome
1	Full auto or control of photographs with stunning quality
0	Battery life
0	Some rings are hard to hear.  But that's not a big deal at all.
0	short battery life
0	average battery life, tiny icons
1	Small and pretty easy to use.  Extras not found on cheap cameras.
1	Cheap (if you can't afford anything else)
0	Horrible reception. Very Poor Battery life, dies out after one call, after full charging.
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	sound and battery
0	Battery life
1	versatile, works with PC and Mac, comes with image enhancing software
0	um. . . . I don't know of any
1	Superb Quality, Laser-Like Speed, Double Sided Printing
1	Price, size, weight, software, refillable color cartridges
1	GSM and TDMA.
1	2.1 megapixel, good optics; comes with 8 meg cart
1	Size, weight, portability, clarity, overall appearance
0	Picture quality is not always good, batteries don't last long
0	Jams envelopes, hi cost cartridges!
0	single-cart, not for home office use
1	Nice color screen, good flip phone, fun downloadables
1	Inexpensive, Zoom capability, Ease of use, Double A batteries.
0	Expense of Operation, Zero Reliability, Very Unperfected Product
0	Didn't find any
1	Nice design, neutral color, GREAT photos, Good size memory, USB
1	Has Camera, Text Messaging, Digital & Analog Band capable, Voice Memo Recording.
1	Decent quality, Separate ink cartridges can save money BUT see Cons
1	GREAT signal reception, small & sleek, cool polyphonic ringtones, simple to use
1	I sold it again on Ebay.
0	the power button is too small
0	None
1	Amazing lens from Carl Ziess! 5 megapixels to work with! A 5X zoom!
0	Big
1	cheap, fast, reliable
0	Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
0	Power switch is easy to bump to the on position
0	Slow shutter activation time, accesory quality Issues
0	The high price isn't worth just having a color-screened phone.
1	Stylish, cool, blue backlight, good battery time, great sound/speaker combo
0	Too confusing, poor reception, too fragile.
1	good cover, reclines all the way down, nice leg extension
0	no telephone or answering machine with it
0	poor craftsmanship, extremely poor service
1	Outer LCD display, comfortable design, compact, Tri-Mode, voice dialing
1	Sleek and full of great features.
0	Price, no digital output
1	Nikon quality, all Nikon lenses will work. , Image quality very good. 
0	Pricey!  Camera should come with more than a 8MB memory card.  AC adapter NOT included.
0	Questionable quality control.  Poorly designed power usage.
0	difficult to set up and understand.  jams a little often
1	Very user friendly
1	easy to install cartridges, pretty cheap, pretty good printing quality
0	Kind of Big, none other.
0	Color photos use lots of ink...
1	Excellent photo quality, easy to use, long battery life
1	Convenient size. Loud speakerphone. Nice keypad. Color screen.
1	cheap. voice dialing
0	Pricy, odd menus, poor user guide.
1	Quiet, plain paper, color printer
1	could have a little more memory
0	Call volume insufficient in noisy environments; alarm function quit working.
0	Takes up a lot of trunk space, but probably not more than most.  
0	A little awkward to hold for vertical shots; slow recovery between shots.
1	Very easy to use.  I liked the multiple settings it offers.
0	not able to configure as advertised
1	seperate ink cartridges
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	None.
0	becoming dated by newer technology
1	Looks, durability, weight, reception, speaker phone, volume, Java API support, blue back-lit buttons.
0	"how- to" manual not included, USB cable not included
1	Size, easy installation, lots of print options. Great Value!
0	Very heavy, not really made to fit in a picket, battery drains fast.
1	Cool style, great battery life, extremely clear, easy to use!
0	Large, heavy, expensive
0	numbers are too small
0	none
0	cheesy lenscap
0	Unreliable reception, large size for such a simple phone
0	Menus might be somewhat confusing
1	Good quality for the Price
1	Great performance for the price
0	Cannot download ringers
1	Good screen, speakerphone, long battery life, lots of features.
1	Quick, unbelievable color photos.
0	size. speed
0	Color representation is off and prints with "venetian-blind" effect - discernible horizontal delineation from printhead.
0	low performance, for rookie only
0	none
0	Slow, slow, slow
1	High quality pictures, good battery life, great options
0	Reviewing more than 100 pictures at a time can be a little slow
0	Unstable firmware, parks in tele mode
0	barrel distortion, no 1600x1200, blurry pictures, ergonomics, manual mode, usb jack, flash, no case
1	Everything you need rolled up into one device
1	four separate cartridges, price, Photo Capture Center, 250 paper capacity, flat bed color scanner
0	The reception is not to good.
1	Image quality, features.
0	none
0	manual, lack of games, lame wallpaper
1	Size, weight, features, ease of use, useful buttons around the top of the phone
0	everything else
0	ring volume, sound quality price.
0	Feels Cheap, Expensive Ink Cartridges
1	Lens, lens. and lens
1	sound quality, slim size, multiple phone numbers for one name entry
1	Overall styling of camera, quality of images, convenience
1	Cheap ink replacement, small compact size, very very good photo pictures (using photo quality paper)
1	PDA, Color, Bluetooth, GPRS, Camera
1	Cheap printer
0	None for the price
1	Great pictures!!
0	Heavy/bulky, no view finder, images blur slightly with movement on occasion
0	Poor Button Reactivity
1	Cool design and durability
1	Prints excellent photo quality pictures.
1	Great picture quality, good options, good battery choices, good media options.
1	Nokia menu/functions.
0	Crashes, No Speakerphone, Mediocore Memory Capacity, Button Delay
1	Small Size
1	Price, quality of pictures, ease of use, size
0	battery drainer
1	Great laser printer for a single user
1	Image Quality, Price, Zoom, Compact Size
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
0	Antenna breaks easily and often, if i had known, I would not have purchased
1	Light weight, Great Sound, Dual LCD screen, 2 way text msgs.
0	LCD display sometimes dark; low-light indoor shots difficult; removable lens cap
1	Durability, Clarity, Battery Life
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	Small?????
0	A floppy only stores a few photos, Memory stick option is expensive.
1	Fantastic pictures for the Money. Point and shoot like no other.
0	printing
0	tough to line up shots
0	Comes with cr*ppy photo editor program,
1	Good image quality, typical 2 megapixel &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Cheap storage
0	Dropped calls, phone shuts off for no reason
0	stated elsewhere
0	Quality was grainy. Slow printing web pages. Mine stopped working after 4 months.
0	doesn't allow double exposure
0	Antenna pretty flimsy
0	none so far
1	Complete control over settings.
1	Super light and tiny, great battery, powerful programming.
0	slightly slow print time
0	Small ink cartridges
0	So many options and settings- sometimes it's hard to find what you want changed.
0	No FM Radio or Bluetooth, expensive
1	Produces high quality scans, printouts and copies, low operating costs, easy to setup and install
0	Can be slightly uncomfortable in pocket, hard to reach volume control
0	Slow, Hard to find color ink in brick &amp; mortar
0	Still an inkjet
1	Good quality photos, price
0	Manual instructions need time to read, eats batteries
0	fax lacks ability to work with Office XP addresses; continual envelope jams
0	No case, downloading photos may be a problem for computer illiterate folks.
0	No real "fancy" functions. No digital display for previewing. 
0	Takes time to learn functions and how to use camera.
1	Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity.
0	flash weak for big areas
1	Floppy disk
0	None!
0	Battery life
0	buggy OS
1	Excellent sharp, clear, photo quality prints. Quiet, very easy to use..seldom jams!
0	maybe a bigger optical zoom...
1	Good quality printing
0	Quality suffers.  Mp3 control is basic, and photo/video touch ups are needed for each photo.
1	Price, text quality
1	easy to use, good picture quality, 8MB card, can take a beating
1	Gorgeous fabric, free-standing once folded, generous hood, easy use, lightweight &amp; compact while luxurious.
0	Local product (and accessory) availability.  Somewhat lofty price tag.
0	Takes up most of your trunk space
0	size
0	Perhaps Price, Size
0	Read my review, but the keypad is a big con for me.
1	Large color screen, external Caller ID, backlit buttons, SUPERB speakerphone.
0	Only 1 button
0	folding, no basket, wheels too small
1	Size and style and battery life.
1	Lightweight, eye-catching display, great signal strength.
1	Very easy to use, great value for money
0	Need to buy an optional wire 39$
1	Smooth ride, pneumatic tires, easy to steer, and holds child up to 50 lbs
1	beautiful, saturated color, zero or low  noise, standard flash  sync,  ease of photographic controls
0	NONE
1	fast, inexpensive, easy to refill ink
0	Volume range; echo
0	slow serial connection
0	inks not compatible with all papers
0	No lens cover, battery drainer
1	Thin, thin but yet with enough power to transmit
1	excellent picture quality, easy use
1	Compact
1	Brilliant Screen, Global connectivity, 3G (outside of US), Reception & Sound Clarity, Bluetooth 2.0, Camera
0	Signal Strength, Signal Strength, Signal Strenth.
0	Design is a little dorkey for us macho geeks
1	speakerphone, Nextel rounds to nearest second
1	Small, easy to use, good picture quality, cheap, and readily available.
1	compact, snub antenna, good sound, color display, built-in camera, nice looking phone
1	A fantastic phone. Love every minute of it. Simple but full at once.
1	Cost, quality of photos
1	great quality, ease of use
0	Shutter delay, digital zoom could be clearer
0	don't have serial port, download hassle
0	batteries are expensive; user-interface could be better
1	can print/scan/copy
0	very poor battery life,displays 'no service' in many areas, fragile
1	too big to forget somewhere
0	Not a single one 
1	mega pixel mega pixel!!!
1	Its a Nikon, It takes great pictures!
0	Cartridges cost a bit, USB and Parallel cable not included
0	software,noise
1	Light,unique,key pad,screen size, faceplate,great images,loud ear piece,one hour charger.
0	Alkaline batteries lasted for only a few minutes
1	Outstanding print quality. Impressive efficiency. Overall, outstanding value.
0	noisy when you turn it on, but oh well...
0	text quality, speed, consumption, design and other oddments
1	Super-light and thin, cool ringers, big screen, great signal quality
0	On the large side 
1	It twists!!!!!
0	price of cartridges a little high
0	Pricey
0	could be more attractive
1	Size, Amber backlight, Reception, Clarity
0	Little higher price, and the outer skin is not durable enough.
1	Price, features, long battery-life, high quality
0	Heads need cleaning every time I use it, wasting ink., Paper jams.
1	Great quality pictures, fast download speed, fast loading speed, great features.
0	none
1	Color screen, easy menu
1	Good printing capability
1	All Round Good Printer
0	Slower than expected printing
0	A little large by today's standards; old technology; pretty sure no longer available new
0	vague manual
0	Still getting used to weight distribution.  Maybe not a camera for simple vacation photo-takers.
1	Easy to use, great lighting in dark environment, price
0	Flimsy antenna.
0	None so far
0	Small "phone" buttons, inside softkeys awkward
0	Harder to use than nokia
0	Battery usage, photos cloudy on zoom
1	Great Photos
0	Battery life.
0	Floppy disks don't work with iMacs unless you have an external drive
1	beautiful photo quality, reliable performance, great printer driver
1	Small, almost total steel body, 3x optical, 2.1 megapixel, CF storage, USB connectivity, Lith-Ion battery
0	No recurring alarm, not that well supported in the US (yet), no bluetooth, not cheap
0	Not the most stylish. Doesn't have a built-in camera.
0	Meny structure is difficult and key arrangement isn't great.
0	Eats BATTERIES
1	Cheap
1	lightweight
1	Excellent size, speed and features
1	-Clarity
1	Basic, simple to use phone
0	8MB Flash Card (Included), Semi-Weak Flash, Short Battery Life, No Zoom with Movies
1	Well designed, Well priced, Excellent capabilities
1	Easy to use, portable, efficient &amp; entertaining
0	Batteries work for about 5 minutes, No zoom
1	Fast- Good quality- Relaible-
1	Combines color palm & cell phone, full web browsing and email access
1	Great specs, great value, CompactFlash, USB, extras, software, support
1	sturdy, separate ink, photo quality, multi-connect
0	Display malfunction issues!!
0	limited motorola carry options, battery
1	Good phone overall, with easy-to-navigate menus
0	No detachable battery, Small on/off switch
0	Cost, takes some adjustment getting used to pushing while jogging.
1	Great Photographic Printer
1	Small size, phenomenal standby time, PIN feature
1	View window, ease of use, clear pictures, 6x optical zoom
1	Durablility.
0	Too expenseive
0	not the smallest phone out there, standard battery has short life
1	Good Print quality
1	Light
1	Clarity, ringtones, attached phone, weight, size, battery life.
1	All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
0	LCD Monitor could be a tad better
0	Battery
1	14x zoom, easy to use, great photos
0	No soft-power on, single cartridge design
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	no antenna, can you say RADIATION?
0	Sometimes slow to start printing as printer cycles through cartridges.
0	battery life, software glitches, poor phone mechanics, pricey
0	After only 6 months of use the display area has gone blank .
1	Takes great pictures.
1	great
0	None yet, but I'll keep you posted!
0	some faults with the it's design
1	It's Free!
0	-Pictures can sometimes look pixelated (Not Clear), -Batteries drain quickly
1	Lots of stuff
0	bulky, hard to push, expensive
0	"SIGNAL FADED CALL LOST"
1	Great picture quality and depth, produces great printed copies
1	print speed
1	Small, great features, easy to use
0	None
0	annoying blank feeds, jams on cheap paper
0	Interface is weak; joystick feels cheap; battery life a joke; antenna nub pain; price
0	Would like a Telephoto Lens.
0	No in call timer, profile selection, indoor noise.
1	Lots of features, price
0	Must anticipate startup/action shots, intermittent focus problems, USB cable problems, CCD light interpretation
0	if i need to pick something - size
0	menu/buttons need to be learned, slow LCD display
0	umption
1	Beautiful, sleek, elegant shape. Stays new looking a long time.
0	Eudora internet browsing does not support online secure transactions
1	Multi Band (GSM /TDMA), great menu selections, infra red connectivity voice activation
1	easy to use, great picture quality
0	Slow
1	everything is good except for the battery.
0	Price of the cartridges
1	Voice dialing, Predictive text input, Small size, Ease of use.
0	Too many to list. 
0	sometimes there is an error message not covered in manual or on web site
1	dont like it 
1	Quality, speed, ease of use, price
0	Bad design, bad reliability, scorchingly poor customer service.
1	compact and lightweight
0	Eats Batteries like snacks
0	Unflattering strobe pictures, color casts with indoor lighting due to poor auto white balance function
0	No Voice-Dial
0	No color display, vibrates so hard it is audible, annoying menus, no GSM support
1	superb print quality on photo paper, quiet, keen blue laser
0	No Type II Compact Flash Support, Very limited indoor and low light usage
0	No back up memory
1	Good picture quality, BRIGHT FLASH, good movie mode, AV out, nice LCD screen
1	Two-way radio, seemingly unbreakable housing
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink cartridges.
0	slow, not great optics
1	Display is great.  Size good.  Stationary antenna.  Nice side buttons.  Menus easy navigation.
0	None 
0	When wearing on a belt with a case (samsung) ,phone sometimes flips open.
1	compact, great LCD, reasonably priced, easy to use menus
0	expensive, inadequate sunshade, hard to adjust seat position
1	Decent video, decent mp3 capability, photo size perfect for emailing.
0	It talks, most printers don't, scary
1	loyal:great reception, incredible resistance to heavy blows, a conversation piece
0	Expensive?
0	Limited zoom range
1	Wonderful image quality, duplexer eliminates handling of paper to print two-sided documents.
0	Only 3 colors to choose from.
1	Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
0	flip is a little loose, hard to see screen without backlight, a little slow menus
0	size of cartridge
0	Cannot use CF II cards, LCD in bright sunlight, comes w/ only an 8MB card
0	demonic possession, gurgles. :)
1	Great Pictures, Great Features, Extremely Versatile
0	Outdated
0	Not worth mentioning
1	you can always make it look different
0	Very small ink cartridge, no power button or LEDs
0	see above!
1	Durable, reliable, great reception
0	Vibrating ringer barely noticeable, antenna breaks easily
0	$200 cost of phone
0	Loud, small ink tanks, all-in-one colour cartridge..
0	sometimes it is slow
0	It's a little big.
1	simple to use, eye catching looks, macro shooting 
0	Loud, not photo quality, if out of color ink, it won't print in black.
1	Small, stylish, ease of use
1	Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
1	Crisp, clear copies
0	Battery life could be a little longer. Needs more memory.
1	Ease of use, price
1	Good Idea
1	battery life, screen, memory capacity, airplane mode, size, price
0	Inaccurate Voice Dial, somewhat expensive without discounts
1	Excellent picture quality
1	firmware,autorotate,backlit shots
0	waits about 5 seconds to take picture so if it's moving you might miss it!
1	Great quality pics, even in low light
0	Weak Flash, Eats Batteries (get NiMh rechargables)
0	read below
0	Call quality is not the best. None else!
1	Very lightweight, Kewl Features, Excellent Phone... All Outweigh the Cons&#13;&#10;
1	Excellent Pictures! Quick turn around, burst mode.
0	None
1	Fast, versatile, excellent value for money
0	None
1	Flip phones are a good thing
0	Highlights red hues in low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	Low Resolution, No Removable Memory, Software Problems (for me)
0	Poor Software, Low Memory, Low Battery Life, Camera only detected on COM1
0	Loud
0	slow flash speed leads to delays
0	Product reliability!! Manufacturing defect!! No analog roam.
1	Good value for the money.
1	Small size, Zoom
1	Easy to use...
1	Good Camera, Flash, Screen on the exterior of phone
1	Great photo quality, long life cartridges, and faster than most.
0	headset jack and charger cannot be used simultaneously
0	Expensive ink cartridges.
0	Short Battery Life
1	Voice dial, high number holding capacity
1	great pictures, 3X optical zoom, sturdy, normal battery life, usb, great price
0	slow scans, parallel interface, scanner sometimes requires reboot to operate
0	Bad cust. support, software flaws
0	Scanner / Fax / Copier Died in about a year!
0	not enough ringtones, no blue tooth headset provided
1	Attractive, Screen, Ease of Use, Phone quality, Built-in Bluetooth, Memory Stick DUO
0	None so far.
1	Save a couple dollars (at best)
1	Voice activated dialing, personalized ring tones, many options
0	None
0	poor key light
0	Picture quality isn't that good, cheap design and construction, no flash makes lighting necessary
0	High price and limited use with the palm pilot
1	Color screen, awesome reception, small, good feature set
0	May be too small for some (not me), no analog mode
0	battery, battery, battery -- it will not last long, the rest will be fixed
0	no voice calling, no profiles
1	Convenient, good price
1	Takes great pictures, very clear, pretty good zoom
1	Easy to use
0	No caller ID on mine.
0	New camera is at repairshop. Technical support hard to find.  Icons difficult.
0	Battery kills time
1	b&amp;w 600x600 dpi, text quality is good, image quality ok, light
1	large screen, nice LCD &quot;indiglo&quot;, superior reception
0	Mediocre picture quality
0	Not real 4800 dpi! (it's almost impossible)
1	Excellent quality, quiet, fast.
1	Easy to use
0	High resolution option not available on this model.
0	A little noisy at start up
1	Small, lightweight, stylish, color screen, good SprintPCS coverage varies), aggressive plan prices
0	No rechargeable power source, slight delay when shooting.
1	ease of use, room saver
1	Quick high quality output
0	Lack of USB (serial transfer is SLOW), slow between pictures, 2X zoom is not adequate
1	excellent pictures even in low light, fast
1	simple to use
1	VERIFIABLE upgraded features; ring tone record, 2nd ring speaker
1	Sturdy, quality construction, easy to maneuver.
1	Software, reception, features, display image quality
1	Titanium case, great pictures in auto mode, InfoLithium battery, 5 megapixel resolution
0	battery life short, camera easily scratched
0	None
0	It always breaks
1	Good quality, reasonably quick unless printing complex/multicolored documents.
0	buttons are small
1	Hi resolution screen is easy to read.
1	So Many Features, Lightweight
1	Very Nice Looking, Status symbol, more ring tones, external display
1	Fits in your pocket, low cost, color photos, works independent of computer, adequate software included.
0	Lack of internal disk space
1	Great features for the price
0	short battery life, no A/C adapter included
1	affordable, good for printing text
0	Images are occasionally of questionable quality
1	Charge time, charger size
1	optical zoom
1	Good price
0	needs zoom
0	Color screen is basic, no polyphonic ringtones
0	None so far
0	Slower than average speed, paper jams
0	none, just be aware of what it was made for
1	Great phone to have...
0	none
0	Finicky USB connection
0	a little noisy
1	Good voice dial option, light weight, it was free
1	UMMMM I can make and receive some phone calls, thats about it.
1	Sharp, vivid and accurate photos. A full featured camera that can do it all.
0	Pricey, limited features, only carried by T-mobile currently.
1	Fabulous printer in my estimation
1	Takes beautiful photographs easily!
1	Great integration of PDA and Cell Phone.&#13;&#10;Wonderful color screen and graphics.&#13;&#10;
0	Expensive, some features are more complicated to execute than needbe
1	inexpensive, great support
1	Fit, Quality, Ease, LCD, Lens, Battery, Controls, Menu And Sony Reputation For Quality. 
1	Easy to use menus and navigation,  gorgeous backlighting !!
0	Price
0	Takes really lousy pictures, quick battery drain, 
1	Small, inexpensive, easy to use, doesn't drain batteries as quickly as some other digital cameras
1	To good to be true.
0	Printing Speed is a little bit slower than a Laser Printer
1	Easy to use, instructions clear, great pictures.
0	After the novelty wears off-throw it away!
1	Photo quality prints, prints nice and fast and its very quiet!
1	Great pictures, great software and easy to carry around!
1	Lightweight, clear calls
1	Tandem Stroller with high quality materials
0	pricey
0	Low memory
0	size, voice dial is not what I had hoped.
1	Great features, excellent design, light weight
0	musical rings not loud enough
0	As with any cell phone, service can be expensive.
0	can't use nikon flash, battery door a little weak.
0	Price
0	Power hug, low-light focusing leaves some to be desired, no firmware upgrades
0	not reliable, not the best screen savers, not many features
1	ease of use
0	Jpeg quality, must use Capture3 software to work with RAW files, C3 is unacceptable.
1	Cheap, small, fast
0	Construction
1	Ease of use
0	Not easy to cradle on shoulder, BATTERY LIFE, can't read display once backlight goes out
1	cheap
1	Price, camera w/flash, reasonably intuitive controls, speaker phone, many other features
0	You can't easily edit directly on the camera.
1	Small size, easy to use, very good sound quality transmitting and receiving, can send and receive Email
1	Fast, good print quality, versatile, customizable driver, cheap inks
1	Excellent reception, beautiful color screen, great volume level (if not a little too loud sometimes).
1	Good Quality images, good manual features, affordable
1	Solid & sleek design, volume settings
1	tiny, simple, sleek
0	comes with 4mb compact flash, you'll want a bigger one
0	Some constructional flaws
1	Great picture quality, easy to use.
0	only good for low volume copying and printing, 24-bit color scanner again 36 to 42 bit color scanner in dedicated scanners, high cost of some ink cartridge consumables, you have to buy the BC-20 black ink cartridge yourself.
0	loud, slow, smeared text, no support
0	no memory stick option
1	Floppy format simple and inexpensive.  Computer chip does amazing job compensating for poor light.
1	Full featured, easy to carry
0	i found the price to be a little high 
0	battery doesn't last long at all
0	No Flash-Slow refresh-No External memory and only serial download.
1	Good reception, sharp picture, very small.
0	Takes forever, paper loading sucks
0	Hard on batteries
0	A deft touch is needed to answer the phone, just to lose the caller.
0	very slow photo printing, ink cartridge cost
1	Great Call Clarity, Light Weight, Small Size, Good Reception. Sturdy Phone.
1	long battery life
0	Charger, Charging, Battery, Frustrating to use
0	People will be jealous.
1	Reasonably Priced
0	Proprietary connectors. Shortage of accessories. Freezes. Weak antenna. Display washes out in sunlight
0	Internal memory small, no camera bag included, price slightly high
1	lightest cell phone ever had
1	size,bluetooth,color display,battery life
0	no zoom, landscape quality, ac adapter extra, no usb
1	small size, ease of use, reliable
0	Does not take add on lenses or filters
0	Battery life, no optical zoom
1	lots of features
1	Excellent print quality, Dual ink cartridges. 
1	Nice prints, cheap, reliable, lots of replacement cartridges available
1	Great Overall Printer
1	Just the photo printer for me given the price
0	Image quality not as good as my&amp;#13;&amp;#10;roommate's Canon Elph S100.
1	Ease of use, Floppy as film, MPEG feature, Built-in image effects
0	Doesn't work worth a damn
0	Poor case design. Picking up phone often terminates incoming call.
1	I love it, small and compact
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use
0	HORRIBLE indoor, parking structure, mall performance. JAVA crashes frequently causing menu's to seaze.
0	Difficult to push and turn
0	Flash too bright. Bad quality, blurry pictures. Slow download (takes up battery life). 
0	Delay in capturing image, battery
0	paging and voice mail awkward
0	Goes through color ink fast, yellow ink cartridge too small
1	to me, none.
1	cheap
0	must use Canon paper
1	Cheap, good quality printing
0	durability
1	5MP, F/1.8 lens, controllable flash, AA batts, 3 type of memory cards, 64 ISO.
1	Good $ 
1	Raw features, fairly well-built interface
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of use.
1	5 Megapixels, records to mini CD-R/RW discs, Carl Zeiss lens.
1	Inexpensive.  Good value for the money, IF you don't expect the best.
1	Lightweight; Exceptional Sound; Great Battery Life; Voice Activated Dialing; Web Browser Enabled
1	small size, clarity
0	Variable picture quality.  Quick battery life.
1	Lots of features, easy to use, fits comfortably in hand, fast connection
1	Talk time, standby time, rugged
1	Good graphics, loud enough, game
0	Menu system is complicated
1	Reasonable cost; easy to use; everything included in kit; Polaroid name; whole family can use; autoflash &amp;amp; self timer are nice features; can delete pictures immediately if you do not want to keep them; no film cost anymore; no waiting to see pictures
1	Great for the global business man
0	Text printing slow, but useable.
1	Price, 6x zoom, image quality
0	Battery life, cheap black plastic styling case
1	top of the line, great quality, lot's of new functions
0	Can't put cool looking covers on it. Short talk time w/o bigger battery
1	Ease of use, features 
1	Quality printing, scanning and copying
0	Slow in Higher Res. Modes, Not much room for creativity.
1	Compact, lightweight, maneuverable, economical
1	compact size, somewhat easy to use
0	Could be more compact. Doesn't work great in very dark situations.
1	Lots of features, lots of battery life
1	Easy to use, durable, quality photos
1	USB connectivity, easy operation
0	No cables in box
1	Excellent sound quality,reception,good battery life,loaded w.features...voice dialing,etc
0	Not very durable as opposed to other phones, previously owned.
0	Buggy OS, Large and Bulky, Keypad takes some getting used to
0	The battery life seems to be a bit on the short side.
1	Coverage all over the planet.&#13;&#10;Very long battery life.
1	Slim, Eye-Catching, Great Price and Durable
0	Vulnerable LCD 
0	Just basics
1	Great Internet utility and email with a wide color screen, full function Keyboard. SPEAKER-PHONE!
1	Easy to use, excellent pictures, online services like ofoto.com make this even better
0	paper feed annoying
0	A little more difficult to use
0	Does not come with a case.  16mb flash card allows for only 20 photos. 
1	In general, this is a light, reliable, cheap no-frills phone. Good audio quality and reception.
1	Quick, Easy Installation.  XP Compatible.  Tri-function at minimal cost
1	Features, size, speakerphone
1	-cute phone
1	LCD screen, Menu,Ease of use
1	Small tri-band phone, long battery life, plethora of features, no Sprint Service!
1	Light weight, great sound quality, awesome battery life
0	high price
1	Lightweight, Trendy, Great Talk Time, Durable, Soft Keypad
0	The review is all about this.
1	Small, lightweight, reputable company, decent battery life, loaded w/features
1	Pretty, Great reception, Quad-band GSM.
1	cheap, good quality, fast.
1	Excellent picture quality, easy to use, relatively inexpensive.
0	Goes through batteries like mad.
0	monkey's are not smart enough to use it!
0	none
0	Not to cheap
0	Haven't found any yet.
1	Inexpensive
0	Could use more zoom, outdoor pics sometimes unnatural
1	good price, easy to use
1	Price, Slim Look, Battery
1	Size &amp; weight are astounding. Has most "big camera" features at affordable prices.
0	Slower and more expensive than 952C.
0	could use a larger memory stick, extra zoom
1	QWERTY keyboard, speakerphone, FM radio, distribution lists, voice dialing.
1	So many features, cool design, very lightweight, big color screen
1	very affordable, high quality imaging
1	Lightweight, easy to set up and fold down.
0	none so far
1	IR port, looks cool, analog clock on face plate
0	High on radiation list, awkward cover release, smart card connection
1	Can see photos right away, very easy to use
1	Easy to use, Good access to quick pictures
1	fast, awesome picture quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
0	Baby Trend difficult to reach by phone
0	none so far
0	Viewfinder could be a bit larger. Printed manual could be more comprehensive.
0	Slow, bad print quality, jams often
1	Decent goodies for the price
0	Tends to pull more than one sheet of paper
1	Many cool options, Great sound, Easy to use
1	Priced right   good service   nice print
1	Good call quality, strong signal, long battery life, lightweight
1	Compact, High-Quality Pics, USB Card Reader
1	faster than G2, uses CompactFlash, long battery life
0	Not capable of making legal sized copies.
1	Small, easy to use, great price.
1	Solid, sounds good, good reception, reasonable feature set, Bluetooth
0	Screen is dull and washed out, scratches easily.
1	Looks cool to the eye.
0	Loud, small black ink cartridge, no Centronics (parallel) connection.
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	None
1	picture quality (if you read my review)
1	good looking, large information reserves volume
1	small, clear reception, many options
0	cam resolution
1	small body, crisp images
0	Sucks batteries dry like there's no tomorrow. I recommend rechargeables.
1	quality color photos, fast, quiet
0	no composer
0	batteries run out quickly
1	Attractive styling, many features, customizable ring tones
0	spendy, but worth it
1	Light and Compact
1	Great value.  Excellent output quality.
0	pricy even with recent price drop, battery life, a little too large, sevice canbe frusterating.
1	Print quality, bundled software, Xerox quality, ease of use, versatility
1	Great Photo Printing. Borderless letter size printing!
0	Weird interface, software crash, ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not working...
1	Looks nice, works well, not too expensive
1	Size, Functionality, Wow-Factor
0	Software suite, serial connection vs. USB
0	Software is a nightmare.  Very unstable.  Technical support is NONEXISTENT.  
1	Immediate confirmation, fast shipping, responsive to emails.
1	no problems
1	Laser-quality inkjet text and the whitest inkjet papers.
1	Small, great reception, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert &#13;&#10;
1	Outstanding RF performance and sound quality. Motorola Quality. Neat OEL. display. Pimp'n sleek stylee!
0	Pictures are HORRIBLY blurry
0	SLOW--wastes time and money
0	The Video feature... and Rechargable Batteries are a must for this camera.
1	Very smooth ride
0	ends up costing alot to buy all the different things
1	Easy to use, great pictures, versitile, no "special" cards needed to hold pictures
0	Hands-free receptacle plug just sits in hole, face hitting buttons on screen when talking
0	Some of the bundled software was useless to me.
0	Doesn't print as well on plain paper as some other printers
1	Decent printing, cartridges last well
1	clever swivelblade design, elegant design, modifiable interface, compatibility with PC/PDA/laptops
0	short battery life
1	Size, Size, &amp; Size, Great LCD Display, Features, Software, Battery Life
0	A little bigger than some people might like.
1	Excellent design, Clever phone book
1	Excellent print quality
0	None
1	Flip/Camera phone; Caller-ID; Get It Now!; Cool Ring Tones; text friendly; charges quickly.
0	Eats up the batteries!
0	poor image resolution; high battery usage; not upgradable
1	perfect clarity, wide range of plans available, small and compact
1	Inexpensive printer from a great company
1	Price,Speed,Print quality
0	mediocre battery life, very light on features, few accessories
1	Often comes free when you sign up for phone service, as it did for me.
1	Great image quality, reliable, compatible with Mac &amp; Windows
0	Only 8MB Memory Stick included, short USB cable.
0	black and white text not as good, color shift problem (but only affects one type paper and some high ozone level areas)
1	compact, photo  quality, quiet
0	sometimes won't connect(I think this is AllTel not the phone)
1	Sleek shape, light, easy to change color, web capable, clear
0	No Optical Zoom, No USB
1	Great integration between phone & pda
1	Great camera for the price and size!
1	Fast and cheap, Inks are great (and expensive). Parallel interface works with print servers.
0	The cons don't count for much in comparison to its charms.
0	read above
0	black text could be better
0	Qwerky user interface
1	- 3.3 megapixel resolution - Excellent image quality - Accurate auto-light adjustment
0	Price, size a little cumbersome
0	Battery compartment spring is a cheap design. Flash is just OK. Battery life is awful!
1	Great for newborns, very sturdy
1	little voices, box, ease
0	ink smears when wet
0	ear and face ick from other people
1	great looking prints, fast, quiet
1	Light, compact, stylish, easy to navigate and full of features
0	Battery hog, flash not always sufficient
1	Speed and features.
0	No basket, but no umbrellas do.  The mesh bag is sufficient/standard for umbrella strollers.
0	no
0	battery needs frequent charging
0	have to install software on your computer to retrieve images
1	Outstanding battery life, classy appearance, user friendly, solid case
0	so-so plain paper text, MUST have good photo paper, no cable included
0	everything else
0	Slower than others, ink flow problems, envelopes jam
1	Compact, sleek, attractive, loud ring
1	- SMS communication
0	Slow color printing, low quality
0	Sucks up the batteries.  Flash doesn't automatically pop up if needed.
1	Lightweight, great pictures, easy to learn, add-ons not necessary, genuine SLR look and feel
1	Nice design, radio function
1	Form-factor, picture quality, zoom, massive features.
1	Great low light shots
1	Worked after being dropped
1	Great deal on a very sharp phone!
0	Haven't noticed any 
1	kinda inexpensive, works well for the most part
0	Camera is unacceptable, breaks easily -A NIGHTMARE. Company horrible to work with. 
1	PDA with World Phone, terrific connectivity (IR,Bluetooth,GPRS,WAP)
1	high quality images, many options
1	Light weight, 6x optical zoom, easily connects to computers
1	Camera, External Display, Large Internal Display, Speakerphone, Records Video, Flip Button
1	great pictures, easy to use, good quality, great value
1	Speed / Incredible photo reproduction
0	Touchy side buttons, included ringtones are limited
0	didn't keep it long enough to find out
1	price, ease of use
1	Great output, much bang for the money!
1	Very easy to use, no special/expensive equipment/software required
0	Not as many features as higher models
1	Organized Picture Taking Made Easy
1	excellent pictures for a 640
0	NONE
1	Attractive phone with loads of features.
1	Small, sleek, very good battery life, ready for the future, world phone
0	Antenna design and warranty support
0	difficult configuration
0	Weak flash, no USB interface, frequent red-eye
0	Heavy, poor reception, phone part can be tricky to operate with one hand.
1	4.0 Megapixel,Small Size, Lots Of Features
1	cheap storage, crisp clear beautiful photos
1	Tho low price and powerful function
0	bad pic quality, flash is too bright, pictures are blurry quite often
0	Uses Floppy Disks, Is Bulky and has bad Image Quality
1	full functional dual purpose device
1	Excellent photo quality printing
1	size ,price and ease of use
0	1.3m pixels will be outdated in about a month
1	Great quality, easy to use
1	Compact, fast, sleek, price, colors, battery, Ni-MH, features, 16MB, interface, LCD, protected-lens, 3x, movies!
0	the copier feature dosen't work well with pictures, then agian it is grayscale...
1	size, looks, classic interface
1	Easy to set up and use. Great quality photos.
0	Bulky, Heavy, Battery Eater
1	Great sound quality, both Mic and speaker, excellent call screening
1	Small, compact and lightweight!
1	flip phone design, small size, color screens, built-in camera and flash, video capability
1	Excellent quality prints for publication,small desk footprint
1	Fairly fast, sharp text, good quality even with medium paper 
1	small, great reception, easy to use, fast charge
1	Great Picture Quality
0	Pea soup green LCD,
1	good price, great quality of copying and printing
0	Is quite large, and lacking bluetooth
1	High style, color screen, FM radio, speakerphone, polyphonic ring tones
0	"Blue wash" when taking pictures in bright sunlight, serial connection
0	Battery Life, Lack of Manual Controls, Cost of rechargable battery
0	antenna is easy to hit
1	large storage compasity
0	fair price but i hope they go down some
1	saves you space on your desk
0	errm.....
0	Gets burning hot with use
0	reception could be better, sound quality not as good as nokia
1	canon quality, 5MP resolution, essentially a shrunk g5
0	Price, Battery Life, Quirky charger plug, The Dreaded White Screen of Death (read further)
1	Low price with good features. Hard to beat in it's class-price range
0	battery, battery, and battery
0	Be sure to talk to your sales rep closely about what you get for $50.
1	nice, sharp image, fast!
1	Easy to use, quality pictures
1	Takes good pics, camera flip phone
0	Finding accessories difficult
0	Slooow menus, flimsy keypad, poor designed menus and navigation, quiet ring.
1	-Camera phone
1	Easy to use, great picture quality, easy editing, one touch picture transfer, inexpensive
0	drains batteries, bad photo quality, software only works with Windows 98 and above
0	Paper feeds wrong sometimes
1	Great phone and affordable.
0	Software hang-ups; slow navigation in some windows;flimsy holster
0	You gotta read up on the manual
0	None I've found yet
0	no usb out of the box 
1	Superb picture quality. Good auto mode and loads of manual options. Price.
1	This phone is small sleek and just plain looks nice.
0	Flimsy ... looks like a prize out of a Cracker jack box
1	small and compact
0	NONE...it's a SONY digital!
0	flimsy construction
1	Attractive Cosmetic Look
0	Complicated USB installation , not as fast as promised on the box, and expensive  ink refills.
0	Electronic View Finder and LCD don't work well in low light, bundled software isn't great.
0	Options are $$$$$$$
0	Squawky sound quality at times; Nextel network is not as pervasive as others
0	It is too easy to accidentally erase photos.
1	Cute Design
0	Heavy, expensive, "ocean liner"
0	Like the new 10x zoom a little better
0	None that I have encountered
0	Won't replace the need for a small stroller.
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	Expensive to operate, slow, some reliability issues
1	Very nice high-color prints, B/W printing is very fast.
1	Lightweight at only 12 lbs., easy to unfold and fold with child in arm.
0	Eats batteries
0	Cingular could never make it work dependably to receive
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
1	Easy to use, highly versatile, affordable.
0	none really....the color variety is a little odd, but I still love it
1	Extremely sharp pictures, Zeiss lens, USB support, good size, huge storage capacity, advanced exposure modes, excellent menu system, good user control, pretty good software,  
1	Has some cool syncing features with outlook.
0	Antenna Sticks Out, Not Very Sexy
1	VERY simple
1	Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
1	no cables required means easier to use
1	Price / Performance - quality of pictures - all the features!!
0	Ink is costly! A bit large, noisy but no more than others.
1	comes in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
1	Big display, small phone, displays graphics, key pad easy to read.
1	Fast, Accurate, good color, easy to set up
0	The only problem I had, was trying to get it to print Quicken checks.
1	USB compatible, easy to use, zoom feature, viewfinder  ,
1	easy to learn to use
0	I wish it had a burst mode like the olympus d-340-r to allow for fast action and recording of sporting events. I can learn to live without it especially since the quality of the printed pictures is so much better than the Olympus.
0	red-eye, poor flash range, hard to focus in low light
0	very short battery life
0	Battery life, picture quality, size, weight, only 2MB memory card, no zoom, software, discontinued
0	Noisy
1	Thin, great sounding, extra features like video, camera, etc.
0	Pricey $850, uses a lot of power.
0	You now have to pay for voice dialing
0	great  acting
0	No GPRS through a PC.
1	Compact, lightweight, decent battery life, uses CF cards, good macro, easy to use.
0	Phones & Plans are expensive, programming hard to understand
1	Wonderful resolution-I produced a 52-page yearbook using all digital photos and they were great.
0	not durable, no web browser, cingular has pretty bad coverage, small buttons
1	the printing quality is very outstanding.  The colors appear true to original.
0	It does not cook my breakfast!
1	Image Quality, Compact Size, Easy-to-Use Menu
0	Maybe they could've included one free video game at least?
0	must be high-tech friendly
0	Flash
1	Price, Print quality
1	loaded with features, individual ink cartridges, high quality/speed
0	No Usb, LCD Sucks In Sunlight
1	Light-weight, great storage medium, impressive zoom, acceptable battery life
1	variety of options, quality is superb.  
0	SHORT and I mean SHORT lifespan!!!!!!!!!!!
0	impossible setup
0	color can be tricky to get right on
1	Small design, blue indiglo screen
0	Newer cameras have past this one bye (sorry Polaroid) :(
0	Drivers, speed
1	Very compact; can operate as a non-flip phone; text messaging
0	not rechargeable!  Rechargeable batteries and case available at additional cost.  Some shutter lag time 
1	Styling, comfort, talk time (when you can stay connected)
1	Size, Color, Flip-compact design
0	Cuts out randomly with calls, screen freezes.
0	a bit slow on the get-up-and-go
1	Light weight.
0	None
0	PCS Vision is very poor, limited screen size.
1	Well engineered, quality, hi-res  system. This Sony is a solid step in that direction!  
1	Good, solid basic inkjet printer
0	I have yet to find and cons
1	The print quality is superb.
0	LCD display sometimes too washed out; sometimes makes it hard to judge how exposed your photo will be
1	free gift from gateway
0	Battery Life when browsing, Bulky
0	Long, confusing menu
1	Feels like an SLR camera
0	Ink-based Printing Smears, Requires Head Cleaning if Negelected
1	An all-in-one wonder for the modern mobile warrior
1	Small, small, small.  Excellent quality pics, easy to use, good software.  Did I say small?
1	Excellent print quality, Ease of use, Price is affordable
0	HP DJ970 Cxi is a "power hog".
0	Battery life is average, can't talk while phone is charging
0	Eats batteries without using AC adaptor when downloading
1	Excellent quality, options and ease of use with a good price.
0	Internal memory is low, no camera bag, LCD
0	Picture blurry when you move slightly
0	Speed Dial can only have 8 phone numbers
1	Price, size and 
1	Nice screen, camera, all those other functions.
1	Price, Features, Zoom, Standard memory card
1	Durable, easy to use, economical, good looking phone, many extra features
0	Short battery life.
1	Great Price!
1	Can fit 2 children
0	Had nothing but problems with charging the phone
1	Outstanding reception, easy to use.
0	Tiny power button, no Bluetooth, proprietary hands-free port
0	locks you in to AT&amp;T
0	You have shut off the camera in order to view and or delete photos.
1	light, nice blue display, compact
0	The software installation along with Kodak technical support managed to completely ruin my computer's configuration.
0	Screen not pretty, sometimes hangs mid-call
1	Fantastic balance of portability, photo quality, battery life and capacity (with 256 MB SD card)
1	incredibly easy to use, very light
0	Recently acting up (program error), one cartridge slot only, recommend re ink kit.
1	Virtually everything, except...
1	lots of practical features; gorgeous image; raw/tiff format; great ergonomics &amp; a real beauty
0	Lag time between shots, "demo" software, strictly daytime photos.
1	compact, easy to use, good picture
1	Easy to Use
0	A little slow recording to the floppy (but hey, it's a floppy)
0	Some durability issues
1	size, quick startup, 3MP
1	Excellent color screen, battery life and reception quality.
0	Smallish buttons, three-bar battery level display
1	Compact, protected lens cover
0	Eats Batteries. 
0	Maybe a little noisy, takes up a little more space than I'd like.
1	Outstanding print quality, unbeatable price.
1	Easy to use, small, decent quality.
0	None found  yet!
1	Small, lightweight, battery life
0	get the scanner attachment, you know you want it!
1	James Bond,or GQ, for about $300
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Uses quite a bit of ink, but not really any more than equivalent printers.
1	Speed, Resolution, size of printer
1	Good quality and speed to get the result
1	Size, features, infrared data port, desktop software, awesome ear piece
1	This camera is a nice easy to use camera.
0	Veiwfinder is a little off, hard to look through, camera is a battery eater.
1	great text printing, decent speed
1	Small, very fashionable phone
1	Great Image quality
0	slow, uses a lot of ink, noisy
0	The battery life is a bit short
0	buttons hard to use
1	Durable and decent looking
1	Convenient size, good lens protection, great picture quality, reasonable price.
0	there are a few features that you really have to read the manual
0	Speaker volume is a bit low, and buttons are small. No Mac compatibility.
0	Bad T9/iTap selection, self restart problem, marginal speakerphone
0	cost of ink
1	Great quality, fast color and black printing, easy to install
1	Cheap
1	Thin design, MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, Bluetooth, speakerphone, removable memory card
1	versatility of camera features, including manual focus, storage media, quality of images
0	battery life, software lacking.
0	Low Battery Life, Doesn't hold up well
0	Using screen eats batteries, manual seemingly written by gorillas
0	expensive, bulky, somewhat slow
0	Durability, Sound quality
1	sound, movie, 3.34 megapixels, manual over ride, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
1	Inexpensive, Good picture quality
1	Compact, cheap, color, miraculously the software isn't buggy
0	Everything else.
1	Very high quality, versatile and useful.
0	somewhat limited lighting
0	Keypad, keypad, keypad. Size.
1	small size, good software included for free with the unit
1	Great picture quality, large disk, easy to use, optical viewfinder, and the tv cable.
1	Wireless internet at your fingertips, clarity, features
1	Easy Disk Capability
0	Eats up batteries
0	Takes up a lot of room in trunk
0	Difficult to manuever&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Can be Bulky
1	Does everything well.  Works, has clear documentation.
1	Multifunctionality, but muted by problems
0	No off/on button
0	the fact that it exists
0	lack of accessories
0	none
0	Never works, Never works, Ok, sometimes works but frustrating
0	No games? Battery life might be a trifle suspect
1	Very Fast Printing for Both Text and Graphics, Mac and PC Compatible.
0	Only comes with a 4MB memorystick. No manual viewfinder
0	Price if you buy retail, but it's truly worth it.
1	Quality for the price, ease of use
1	easy format, good size screen, plenty of features
1	Small and lightweight, voice commands, connectivity to other devices.
1	Easy to use, easy options, helpful guides
0	battery and small initial CF card, only 3x zoom. 
0	Small ink tank, cheaply made paper tray (I use legal paper), and poor software package
1	Small, stylish, sleek, easy too use and well worth the money.
0	Sync software needs work, no belt clip, complex, expensive
1	so many features, works well for me
1	instant access
1	2 for 50 bucks. do I need say more?
0	Hmmm...having difficulty with a "con."
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
1	Great picture quality, easy to use
1	Equal to 35 mm. This is one of the BEST little cameras. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;A+ camera!!
1	Good cheap phone
0	Physically larger & heavier than some.  Nokia DKU-5 computer link software has bugs.
0	NONE!
0	batteries don't last when using high draw modes
0	Slow auto focus, Gets confused in low light conditions
1	Easy to set up, sharp pictures
0	expensive
1	easy to use, low cost
0	Picture quality is terrible, not suitable for most uses.
1	Reception acceptable. Good for international. Battery good.
1	Awesome photographic quality. Good speed for basic printing. Two cartridge slots.
1	Solid,good quality images,fast recycle,easy to use,good range of exposure modes.
1	Inexpensive, good for infrequent use
1	Aftermarket ink available at great prices...Great range of print quality
0	glitches- power shut off, phone lag, volume inconsistency), large size can be a pain.
1	Size, battery life, customizing features, easy text entry.
0	expensive ink. Low quality print outs on cheap paper
1	True photo quality, quiet operation
1	Easy to use and install cartridges.
0	not as high photo quality as more expensive models
1	Great price, works great with webtv
0	New cartridges very expensive.
1	Light, durable, good reception, fashionable
0	Sometimes won't cancel when you want it to
1	Great phone book. Ringer can be loud
0	expensive, and short battery life
1	Size, features, ease of use, durability
1	Inexpensive, reliable, decent job for the money.
0	Relatively Bulky
1	Good deal
0	poor close-ups (without extra lens), lens cap comes unattached easily, does not take great low-light pictures
1	Excellent picture quality,ability to, adjust settings manually,and no more film to develop !!!!
1	good suspension, storage space, long and spacious for the kids
0	larger and a little more expensive,half the pictures on disk
1	Many features.
1	Very bad camera
0	Black Ink Cartridge does  not last long
1	free
0	no optical, slow to focus on automatic focus
1	good battery life, very durable
0	No optical zoom and rechargeable batteries not included.
0	none at this price
0	Placement of speakerphone & volume control buttons are awkward; speakerphone function needs improvement.
0	Not good for high quality pictures
0	poor ringer volume, poor signal strength, poor camera, poor ringer and game selection
0	Poor canopy design.
1	This a very compact phone that fits your face beautifully.  Great features.
0	Not small enough to show off to friends.  Somewhat Bulky in a modern way.
0	Glass LCD screen (but most Palms seem to have that)
1	nice looking, small size, speed, rechargeable batteries, ease of use, takes movies
1	Looks Great, works great at an affordable price.
0	No camera case included.
1	Easy to use and understand functions
0	Takes a little time to get used to
0	None that I know of
0	This phone has many issues!
0	Horrible manufacturing defects that prevent phone usage after about 6 months.
1	Almost as fast as film, high quality pictures, easy to use bundled software, strong durable construction, cheaper than comparable cameras, Toshiba brand, and zoom lens.
1	Everything from Style to Functionality
1	color screen, size, clarity, good signal
1	Cheap and Happy
0	HIGH PRICE TAG, not a Nokia, plastic part of face scratches easily.  Stubby antenna.
1	Style, Size, ease of use, pure simple feel of it.
1	Great image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	Size
1	Great pictures, adjustable LCD, lots of features. long battery life
0	none so far
1	Quality &amp;amp; value
0	No RAM
1	Ease of use, VERY nice quality, pretty fast for an inkjet
0	everything else
1	Easy to use, durable, great reception, great price, Many accessories
1	It's cute, stylish and trendy
0	Ugly interface for the radio and MP3&#13;&#10;Really uncomfortable MP3 loading software&#13;&#10;Flimsy headphones
1	size, size, size. and great clarity in the pictures. Love the metal case.
1	Big Screen, Good Camera, Symbian Operating System, Cheap,
1	Ease of use, easy to carry, picture quality right out of camera
1	PDA and phone in a single device.  Works with Mac OS.
1	great print quality, price
0	Aborting, centering
1	optical zoom,lower cost,smaller size,execellent exposure, focus, and color
1	Hella Nice Zoom, Uses Disks, Good Quality, Can do motion
1	An excellent printer for the money
1	Ease of use, color view screen
1	Clearest phone I ever had!
1	Price, print quality, speed
0	Obsolete printing quality
0	So small it is not taken seriously till the prints are produced
1	Compact size, great price, decent sized address book
0	Size
0	Reliability, Battery life, Lack of features, Only average or below signal and audio quality
1	Great phone, easy to use, takes great pictures.
0	could be faster
0	slow, color screen hard to see in sunlight
0	Not many faceplates are out in stores and malls yet..No other Cons
1	Compact, neat new swiveling lens design, cheap, excellent metering , 
1	Compact, lightweight, many features
0	Few ringers
0	Printer cartridges are expensive
1	Stylish, colorful display screen, speaker phone, expensive
0	time lapse between pictures is very slow;carrying case is not part of purchase package; 
0	lens adapter, lack of case
1	Solidly built, very quiet
1	Awesome picture taking, Easy use
1	Size, Size, ans Size.
1	durable, small. clarity
1	4 Megapixels, Autofocus technology, movie recording
0	serial connection, long time between shots, 2x zoom, wasting of battery power, terrible SW bundle
1	Improved display, improved menus, lightweight, lithium ion battery, lots of features
0	Toner eater
0	Price, almost too 'user friendly'
0	Not the same resolution as a photo but....better than a Polaroid
1	Easy to use.  Weatherproof.  Takes great pictures.  Oversize buttons for easy use.
0	Red eye from flash, sometimes lose date &amp;amp; quality selection
0	It doesn't allow you to refill cartridges and sometimes has problems feeding paper.
1	Photo Quality output, nearly continuous tone, excellent price, great drivers
0	Flash sometimes washes out the subject, shutter lag can be significant, zoom could be better.
1	easy storage on simple floppy
0	Low Pixals, Slow recording
0	canopy cannot be moved to the front to block the sun 
0	Clunky and illogical menus, few shortcut keys.
1	great for those adventures.
1	Slim, sleek, classy look
1	Splendid pictures with great detail and superb color.
0	None
0	Substandard reception and software glitches.
0	Sort of pricey
0	Turning is a challenge, brakes constantly lock themselves, basket is way too small
1	Great print quality, fast printing, 2880 dpi printing, reasonable price.
1	many features &amp; good picture quality
1	easy to use software, great storage capacity, drag and drop file transfer
1	Comfortable design, amber backlight, good signal, great design for actually talking for extended periods.
1	High Quality Photo-like results, reliable, easy to use.
0	expensive, interface
1	Crisp Text Output, Quiet 
0	Slow, basic and expensive printing
1	Sleek, Competitive and Impressive
1	Sturdy, optical zoom
1	carseat, stroller, drinktray, good cornering
0	A little bulky, some think pricey
1	holds both color and black cartridge, price, envelope feeder
1	Many features for the price and easy to use. 
0	Little on the heavy side.  Larger than I would prefer.
1	Easy to use
1	Very easy to use, good printed image quality, priced right.
1	Rather compact for all the features, simple button layout, print quality
0	Price
1	High quality of printouts can print photographs, double side printing.
0	image gets distorted if phone not held steady
1	reliable
0	A bit pricey, no serial ports, short battery life.
0	Manually flip of the flash, no cover. No USB-serial only.
0	Somewhat bulky, comes with small memory stick
0	Screen could be better
0	it shakes a little
0	Big Camera.
0	Little slow on large documents.  Paper tray too small. Ink costs $$
0	The sunhood - read below.
1	looks, quality, software
1	Great reception, clarity of calls, color screen, basically a pretty fun little phone.
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
1	Size, weight, coolness
0	Understanding how to get best resolution, difference between screen and actual photo
1	Looks great,works great, easy to use
0	The antenna, calling via voice, my apprehension about Motorola
1	Good for price and the size and weight to carry around with you.
1	Great camera, easy to use, great price if you can find one
0	no middle resolution setting
0	Good things cost money
0	The battery charger adapter makes an annoying high freq sound.
1	features, smallish for an all-in-one with fax capabilities.
0	Every thing
1	Small and quick.
1	Price, ease of use, software
1	An AC adapter and battery charger with a Lithium-ion rechargeable battery is included.
0	Only 2.1 mega pixels and 2x optical zoom.  Not the best, but acceptable
1	Great Quallity Photos, Easy to use
0	haven't seen any!
0	flimsy card door,battery door is tricky, compact flash card is not big in size.
0	Display is next to impossible to see in daylight,no way to increase brightness.
1	Size, easy folding, price
1	ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
0	Battery life
0	No Viewing Screen
0	Slow speed using parallel port, no cables
0	poor quality pictures, no removable storage
1	Flip phone, voice recognition, simple to use, battery life, style
1	Feature rich
1	The cell phone has reception most of the time.
1	very fast printer
0	Power button flies off if you sneeze, Missing/Delayed messages
0	a bit pricey
0	Noisy, a little confusing to set up.
0	have not found any yet
1	Ease of use, Excellent Pictures
1	Looks, Functions, Battery
1	2-way radio
1	Great pictures,lens and features
0	None
0	Loud, picky
1	Bluetooth, Infrared, JAVA , compatible with applications, affordable, play MP3s, MP4s, 3GPs, AMRs, camera
0	Slow capture after holding down trigger
0	None that I know of...
1	Sleek, Durable, Megapixel, easy to use good quality photos.
1	Cheap, good for essays/reports
0	short battery life
0	The color red comes out a little too bright. 
0	Just a little awkward in the trunk.
0	Non-archival, all colors in cartridge
1	An excellent stroller
0	Doesn't work, eats ink, Message on front misleading! 
0	depending on your budget might be expensive
1	Nice size, clear screen.
0	use of more expensive lithium ion batteries instead of inexpensive NiMhs
1	it is very good
0	With everything being automatic, might frustrate pros.
1	good image quality, uses near indestructible smartmedia
1	\_small_/, portable, beautiful, integrated flash, very easy transfer to computer.
1	Ease of use, cost
0	Sometimes has printing errors.
0	Short battery life, lack of optical view finder
0	none
1	Print Quality; Speed; Value
0	Battery life, no zoom option
0	battery!!
0	Price
0	The voice dialing feature did not operate well for me.
1	Different choice of covers
0	bad driver, expensive special paper, sub average quality on plain paper
1	Easy to use,Great pictures
0	Relatively expensive print cartridges 
0	Small basket
1	Compact, cheap and dependable.
0	-Speaker phone is too quite
1	Honestly none!
1	Great picture quality, very easy to operate, good value
1	Size, Weight, Clarity
0	Somewhat flimsy.  No WAP
1	Small footprint, well-built and rigid body, responsive control, super-low noise CCD, Super-Fine compression mode comparable to TIFF uncompressed images at 1/4 the size.
1	Price,Quality &amp;amp; color
1	Very easy to use, sturdy, very good picture quality.
0	Mediocre Photo Quality;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Expensive Cartridge;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Inflexible changing cartridges;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Show print mark on the back.
0	BATTERY life!!!!!!!!  15 pics and your done.  Not enough flexibility in the settings.
1	2400 x 1200 dpi for photo's/graphics; 600 x 600 dpi for text; 4MB built-in RAM
1	Fabulous lens, great pictures, many "35mm pro" features
1	Very Nice Picture Quality, Good Value, Slideshow ability on TV!!!
1	Clears desk of both printer and scanner, Copier great for home use, 
0	None worth mentioning
1	Floppy transfer is so easy
1	10x stabilized zoom lens, electronic viewfinder, excellent pictures
1	Multiplicity of modes and features, flexability, DURABILITY!, MOVEABLE LCD-SCREEN!  GREAT PICTURE QUALITY
0	Battery life could be better (ok for me though).  No Web access (like R289)
0	flash makes all images white, very poor quality images, long or incomplete uploads
0	Voice activation not always reliable, awkward to hold.
1	dazzling 13x19 prints, very very fast
0	Battery life, accessories
1	CHEAP (in price)   Decent quality
0	Everything else
0	sub-par Video, horrible ring tones, a whole bunch of petulant features
0	takes up a little bit more desk space than some other brands
1	Size, weight, options
1	image quality is good
1	Great pictures!
0	NONE
0	not good quality, can be too small for many people
1	Great Price for Canon quality. Powerful management software.
1	$99 price tag for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
1	Great camera, easy to use, good looking, high quality images.
0	none
1	A crystal clear display, fool-proof.&#13;&#10;
0	Front tray scratches floor.
0	A Little Pricey For Many.
1	printer, copier
0	poor sound, below average functions, pricey, delicate, sub-par reception
1	MMS support, reliable, good wap browser, good battery, replaceable covers
0	none
1	Saves time going to the Kodak picture copy machine at the drug store.
0	Printer is slow &amp; the drivers lock up
1	Excellent fax, print, scan functions.
0	Hard to Hold
1	Easy to use, great price, inexpensive storage media.
1	Nice, quiet printing
0	handling takes "getting used to," 8 megabyte memory stick is a "turn-off"
0	Heavy, broken zoom, 
0	No low-ink indicator, high cartridge costs, mediocre driver
1	beautiful images!
0	Flip cover broke easily, ringer volume rocker switch does not work at times, echoing.
1	faster, accufeed paper handling, USB support
0	None that I have found
1	Good photo quality and color accuracy, threaded for converter lenses, solid construction
0	None that I've found
0	AC Adapter not included, limited flash range, no external lenses or flashes
0	cartridges
0	none
0	none
1	Compact, Easy To Use, Good Pictures
0	Serial port, no case, lens cap not attached to body
0	many jams, awkward to clear; streaking; sucky documentation
0	Have to hold the paper sometimes for printer to print correctly
1	Cheap
0	eats batteries quickly,  viewfinder too far from lens, sporadic LCD window
0	Very poor reception,small keys, battery is location, Pic resolution
1	radio
1	great quality, no film or developing costs
1	Bluetooth compatible, able to get ringtones easily, and small but tough.
1	Small size, ease of use, features, rechargeable battery
0	Reliability Issues
0	bad for anything not close-up
1	SLR feel, long zoom, macro, user-friendly
1	A MACHINE YOU'LL FALL IN LOVE WITH
0	Detection problems with colors and paper
1	Highest quality printer 
1	Good pictures,considering the size and resoloution
1	Can use with a variety of infant carseat/carriers
0	Camera-phone, durability, re-charging.
1	Ease of use, image quality, value
1	Camera and video a plus.  good reception.
1	Small size, lots of features
0	Large size, flimsy looking covers, proprietry music format.
1	quality, availablity, lcd screen, style
1	Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
1	Resolution, Supports USB, CF, AA batteries
1	Great picture quality, rechargable battery, view monitor
0	at least consider about it
0	Not the best print quality but gets the job done.
0	No Vibrate option for calls
0	Uses alot of batteries
0	Had to use up 2 whole cartridges before it stopped printing with banding
0	Cheap
0	none
0	a little slow
1	Sharp pics, plays mp3s, killer design
0	Not that hi-tech...
1	Lots of accessories, plenty of features, easy to use
0	Extended use of LCD screen dramatically decreases battery life
1	cost, picture quality
0	Same old tones
1	Super small, bright LCD display, 2.0 megapixels, flash, solid construction, 
1	Lots of great features.
0	tech support is awful
1	Great sound, always clear, large window screen, easy to use
1	Decent Reception, Size
1	Lightweight, removable beverage trays, very maneuverable
1	great resolution photos, easy to use
1	build to last, this is a picture taking machine, that is hassle free
0	cannot do borderless photos, cartridge price expensive
1	*Excellent* battery life, lightweight, sensibly sized, easy menu system, java
1	Easy use, long zoom lens, great quality pictures
0	None thus far.
0	Phonebook is a pain.
1	Great Overall Feel And Quality
1	Professional quality, more features than you could ever wish for, excellent quality of photos
0	There are other cameras with better performance in regard to image quality, battery life, etc.
1	Compact, light, good sound, many features, VOICE RECOGNITION!, nice
0	None
1	zoom, fast, size, design
0	could use better lighting in keypad and display.
1	Decent quality and durability
0	cannot ring or rung, no txts can be recieved or txts,half hour to load!
0	No external display; button size; no external speaker
1	A well built, reliable, professional tool.
1	ease of use 
0	None that I have found other than a thick user's guide
1	small outside lcd display allows you to identify callers without opening the flip
0	hmmmm- still thinkin'
1	A fast, high quality printer
1	Good quality output
1	Inexpensive price and ink tanks
1	Great  Pictures
0	Electronic Viewfinder, no AF assist light, no lens stabilization, 
1	Great pictures (lab quality), great price
1	Lightweight, Small, Good Talk Time
1	Stylish, Small, Long lasting Battery, Interchangable Covers, Good Voice Quality, No annoying Pull Up Antenna
0	Battery life. Signal strength.
1	Fast, no jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	Cheap, 11x17 printing, cheap ink
1	It has a camera, comes free sometimes with a signed contract.
1	Relatively inexpensive
0	Slow recovery to shoot another shot.
1	As stated above, the phone has many PROS.
0	a little slow print speed
0	Pretty expensive, but well worth it.
1	The photo quality adjustments are easy to make!
1	Good quick guide. Software not bad.
0	Expensive, weak zoom
0	goes bad in about 2 years, inkjets clog up and make it worthless
0	Nonexistent reception, nonexistent reception, and also nonexistent reception!!!!
1	Versatility
1	1'8 inch LCD View Finder
0	My broke after only a few months
0	ATT carrier in the city
1	fairly small in size
0	Takes a little while to get the hang of putting together
0	battery life, smartmedia card is way too small
1	lightweight, color display, clarity, voice dialing
1	Color accuracy; consistent program modes
0	Am I being picky? Camera strap in wrong location and no lens cap!
0	Low resolution; weird flash; no USB input; odd viewfinder; no photo previews.
1	great image quality, easy to navigate controls, very robust
1	Compact size, 5 megapixel resolution, ease of use, and lots of creative photography options, 
0	Short battery-life, Not the cutting edge
0	The price is high as compared to other mobiles.
1	Looks (can be deceptive)
0	Odd quirks with the music player.  Not cost effective once you consider add-ons.
0	expensive
1	It's comparatively inexpensive, fast, and has great print quality
0	None that I know
1	Great for people who are semi-impaired challenged. Keep making them!
0	Price tag, very confusing menu, uncomfortable feel, plastic antenna, SMALL screen and stiff buttons
0	camera takes a long time to shoot, takes a long time to delete photos individually
0	Camera, Side Buttons, No MP3s, Videos
0	Battery life doesn't compare to my 8390, which would last well over a week.
0	Colour repro isn't faultless
0	Poor color quality for printing photos, Cheap plastic shell, USB cable not included.
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	Speed, ink usage. Must buy usb cable.
0	flash, halfway point on shutter button, doesn't take picture right away, have to take battery out, included adobe photodeluxe crashed my computer
0	Capacity
0	hard on battery use
0	slow photo
1	It's a cheap way to have digital fun
0	Slightly bigger than other similar flip-phones
1	Light Weight, Sleek, Good standby and talk time, quick charging, convenient navigation
1	Mac &amp;amp; Windows Compatibility
0	Slow printing process
1	Color screen, looks cool, menu system, small.
1	size
1	convenience, ease of use
1	lots of cool features,color screen, and i smoke weed out of it
1	Design, functionality and short learning curve
1	NONE
0	Price of cartridges
0	I am on my 3rd one in 1 yr. Cingular is horrible service.
1	compact, cute, long battery life, price.
0	Slow startup time, glitchy shutter release.
1	Inexpensive, accurate, dependable, convenient shooting/viewing, numerous useful features, high-quality shots.
1	Quality, Features, Tools
1	Affordable
0	Irritating ringers, menu system a little wierd
0	The camera I have can only be connected to your computer via a serial port, and as I have a serial mouse and a serial modem, I have no spare ports while online, forcing me to disconnect to upload new pictures. :-( [Update: I now have a PS/2 mouse and can p
1	zoom, features, picture quality
1	Looks like a film camera, convenient, great results
0	limited zoom, camera too small and slow
1	Excellent print quality for a low price
0	test
0	small driver bug, comes with 1/2 full ink cartridges!
1	Size, sturdiness, price
1	Great engineering, output and good price
1	Small, free
1	features and more features, durability
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
0	Not the smallest of the portables by far, but still a good one, need to change ink cartridges more often
0	Flimsy, Antenna, Short Battery Life
0	Delay in the picture taking process, battery eater, slow transfers.
1	Easy to use for the novice, USB makes downloading a breeze.
0	Lack of Business Like Ring Tones
0	Ink could be a little cheaper.
0	Photos print a little slow, but quality makes up for it.
1	very good pictures
1	good body, compact , stylish, easy to use affordable.
1	This is the best little phone you've ever seen or could ever want.
1	Cheap.  Complete.  USB interface.
0	No USB connection, no sound
1	Inexpensive, relatively easy to use.
1	light, cheap, reliable
1	size, features, image quality
1	Syncs with Outlook, decent navigation, size, weight
1	Excellent PDA and phone functions, nice design, very reliable.
1	- excellent photo quality - USB and parallel port - Good skin tones
0	A little awkward to hold
1	Good value for money as starter digital camera, decent battery life if careful with LCD, easy to use
1	Point and Shoot
0	Same problems as all non-pro digital cameras: shutter lag and startup time
0	price, no internet access
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	Superb performance, full features for the price.
1	ease of use, great features, low cost
1	Easy to use, zoom, built-in lens cover, screen or viewfinder, quality modes
0	Inconsistent picture quality
1	sturdy, great price, easy to use
1	Superb image quality, easy to use graphical user interface, easy upgradeability (CompactFlash cards)
0	Runs through ink cartridges quickly.
1	How about a 6X optical zoom!!!
0	no zoom
0	Not really any cons for this phone.
1	Inexpensive photos,  rugged body,
1	Good image quality, easy to use, inexpensive
0	no USB
0	2x zoom, battery life
0	USB communication problem, more related to my computer than the camera.
0	A bit heavy, rocker control is hard to use
1	Palm PDA and cellphone in one
0	The lens pulls in slow, takes a few seconds to recharge for next picture.
0	Bad Reception, Horrible Battery Life, Often Defective
0	a lot of features to learn
0	could print color faster
1	Inexpensive ink. Fast with text.
0	Most images come out blurry, poor quality in low lighting conditions, BAD close up shots!
1	small, 5 pixels
1	Many features for a lower price
1	Quiet, black and white printing very fast
1	Excellent reception, great Palm OS PDA, Great convergence of a phone & PDA
1	Flatbed scanning, color copying, easy to operate
1	High quality images, easy to use, point-and-shoot form factor
0	No cable included, and speed is not especially impressive
0	None significant
0	Ink cartridge goes fast, Our printer stopped work w/in 3mo's of purchase
0	bulky and hard to handle when closed
0	None
0	Lens cover appears flimsy.
1	Sleek and good price
0	A bit pricey
0	may not be adequate for  buisness use
1	Good color and sharpness. 3X Optical zoom.
1	Good images, long lasting batteries, flash
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, great camera
1	see Key Features
1	Great resolution,great feel, weatherproof and much much more.
0	cartridges can be hard to find
0	pay out of your own pocket for long distance tech support.
0	3x zoom. Flash is overwhelming at times.
1	Ease of Use, handy strap, 
1	Small, quality feel, reliable, WAP.
0	design flaw (headset & power) connection WILL loosen, GSM network coverage VERY spotty
0	Serial connection (buy a USB card reader), soft at infinity
0	I haven't found any yet... I'll update this if i do. =)
0	Lots: Bad battery life, bad UI, crashes, no aftermarket parts.
1	Great quality and quiet.
1	excellent print quality
1	excellent vivid output and peppy for a color laserjet
1	Color fidelity (using Lexmark drivers)
0	Product Quality (Display)
1	small, light, great reception, lots of features
1	good action pics.
1	Great images, comfortable design, good price, easy software/menus
1	Very small, long battery life, lots of features, looks cool
1	Big improvements made over previous models
0	Readylink not practical, battery life, quality of speaker phone, Not Durable!
1	Two way radio, Many features
1	small and lightweight, easy to use
0	Extremely difficult to get running under Win2000
0	You can't down load ringers or graphics
1	Good Value, Expandable, Fast
0	ink can be expensive if you do alot of color/photo printing
0	Singleband
1	Smaller, and takes up less space than competing models.
1	Easy to collapse, Large front seat.
1	Incredible range of features, high quality pics, over 2megapixels
1	solid, 'non-flip,' loud speakerphone, loud ringer, simple design/menu system, excellent basic features
1	Small,Slim,Light,Cute
1	Excellent Photo Outputs; Low Price
1	Instruction book is difficult to understand in some areas.
0	Unstable
0	ALWAYS IN ANALOG!  NO INCOMING CALLS! Kills battery life.
1	Photo realistic pictures, Ease of use, Prints excellent on all types of media. 
0	No Optical Zoom, Cradle required to sync.
1	small, light and loaded
1	Prints documents fast
1	Compact, Easy, Excellent Quality Photos
1	EVERYTHING
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
0	sucky games
0	Umbrella handles instead of a middle bar across&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small storage basket
1	Easy to set up &amp; use. Excellent quality print jobs and pictures.
1	reliable as heck, useful features, nice looks, VERIZON
1	Amazing quality for a non-&amp;quot;Photo&amp;quot; printer
0	NO TECH SUPPORT AVAILABLE ANYMORE
1	Quality, Price
1	Very small, sturdy construction, 2 megapixels, easy to use
1	sturdiness, comfort, easy to push, beautiful exterior
1	Small, lightweight, voice dialing.
1	Small size, solid build, voice dialing, external display
0	Poor battery life, horrible address book, appalling keyboard feel.
0	low light focusing is poor
1	Small, and lightweight
0	heavy, confusing set-up
1	Image Quality, USB, Versatility, Battery Life
1	Produces quality print jobs, scan images and copies
0	battery life, lack of AC adaptor, clunky PC software
1	Great looking, Sporty feel and solid build, seems durable, big basket, rain cover, big wheels.
1	Nice inexpensivce digital camera, takes nice pictures
0	None to speak of
1	Easy to operate, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
0	a little expensive
0	No flip top
0	hard to find refills
0	Small zoom
1	Size, feel in hand, build quality
0	Lens cap can be bothersome
0	It runs out of ink fairly fast.
0	Skimpy standard accessories: 8 Mb CompactFlash, no rechargeable batteries and charger, no built-in USB capability, no hard copy manual, mediocre software bundle. Easy-to-lose unattached lens cap. Short battery life. 
1	Stylish, small, large LCD.
0	Haven't found any
1	Sturdy ~ still working with my kids using it daily!
0	Viewing screen in bright light.
0	Poorly designed headset and charger jacks are VERY hard to insert.
0	Subject must be absolutely still.  No flash.
0	A delay in shutter snap.  Waiting for it to start up.
0	sometimes shutter speed is slow
1	very simple interface, multi usage for memory sticks, USB link, long time battery...
0	It is a little pricey but well worth it
0	-Dual mode
0	floppy disk storage, rather large, short battery life
0	Sometimes doesn't recognize your voice
0	Too few to mention... :-).  None.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use
1	Good picture quality, easy to use
0	Not much of zoom function
1	High quality print, individual envelope feed, infrared connection (if you have that), comes with 8 meg of memory
1	very versatile, many options the 35mm enthusiast will enjoy
0	Vibrating feature not standard, antenna
1	decent reception
0	Poor Reception, Antenna Bends Easily, Terrible Battery Life
1	Great reception and battery life, GET IT NOW, easy menu style
1	Color screen, good reception, good battery life
0	a little slower than more expensive units
1	THE camera for the active lifestyle.
0	But try something as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
1	small, cool games , cool blue light, and its really lite
1	Lightweight, durable, attractive.  Easy to use.
0	NONE
0	price, fairly heavy
0	No USB cable included, Single Color cartridge
0	constantly having to re-charge the battery 
0	Early production models have been recalled.  Memory stick capacity.
0	Price and size
0	expensive (but not more than other brands) ink cartridges
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
1	Small, light, long battery life, good menu system
1	great picture
1	Works very well and very easy to use.
0	Cost, bulk, shallow basket, low canopies
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
0	Not so good in low light, may be bulky for smaller hands
0	none
0	crappy avi recording.
1	Easy to use. Nice and small.
0	Lack of manual control options, fixed ISO sensitivity (100)
1	fast for price, 1200 x 1200, cheap, nice design, doesn't jam, easy to set up.
0	Waiting for it to be delivered
1	Standard batteries, good picture quality
1	reliable and economical in the long run
1	Great pics, ease of use.
0	I don't like them
1	Floppy disk
1	Four high-quality functions in one unit.  Excellent quality copies.
1	Two-way radio, speakerphone and alphanumeric paging
1	Canon Brand, Size, Durable Construction, Picture Quality, Features, Wow Factor
1	Convenient, Great pics, easy to use
0	Not small, a bit pricey, Nowhere near &amp;quot;point and shoot&amp;quot;
1	Many Features, Easy Access, Speakerphone
0	Annoying features, very confusing
1	Image quality, Functionality, Design
0	impossible to install
0	Ink remnants on some print jobs.
0	Poor Battery life. dropped calls when stading still & turns itself off unexpectedly
1	Adequate reception, good entry level phone
1	Beautiful colors, good macro.
0	Noisy when operating
1	Includes a lot of features
0	Not as powerful as other SprintPCS phones
0	hard to assign onetouch dialing
1	small, cute, price
1	Many features, easy to use, takes great pics. 8x Optical zoom : 32 digital
0	can be tricky to learn how to use
1	Sturdy. Fast. Great Output product.
0	Unacceptable lag times, POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! Unwilling to stand by product
0	Rather short battery life on standard battery, none else..
0	AF slow, loud, battery life is so-so
1	good resolution, reliable company
0	Bulky. The con that can't be overcome. Cheesy ringtones.
0	Not many features, Camera is not that great.
0	Bugs in software, slow responding software, short battery life.
0	Ink hog, pay $30 for 10-15 pages printed. Cannot stay idle.
0	Takes long to focus, long time to charge flash, EATS batteries
0	Clarity is a problem.
1	Functions
0	wasn't the first stroller I bought
1	Excellent photo copies
1	Color screen, good battery life, polyphonic ring tones, camera included
1	Excellent Mid-Lvl Digital Camera for the professional hobbyist or family fun.
1	Super compact, lightweight, fun party camera
0	Battery life, limited flash ability.
1	Cheap, Easy to Use
1	Quiet, fast, new design
1	Condom-like covers to change its looks, functional design
0	setup took some extra work (on a printer server), ink expensive
1	Easy to use, great printing ,&amp; well designed.Ink can be refilled saving you $. 
0	Pricey.
0	Silvery futuristic exterior flakes by just looking at it the wrong way.
1	Great phone, great size, cools games :-)
0	getting used to the different features and settings 
0	Only 2x zoom. Only 8MB card included.
1	Easy to use, full featured, and inexpensive.  Good reception and sound.
0	Can't get cool ring tones, text messaging, or cool graphics
1	point&amp;amp;shoot,delete if  you don't like
0	none so far
1	HP reliably, and print quality. Folding paper tray, USB interface, print cartridge level indicator
1	fast, highest resolution printer available, only 180 dollars, supports thicker-than-normal paper
0	Could be quicker and ink could last a little longer
1	11 x 17 print format
0	IT ISN'T FREE :(
1	Easy to fold
0	retracting lens, unattached lens cap, no sound
1	Smallest available, great function
1	Versatile and reliable communication with good audio
1	Biggest zoom lens available!
0	Eats batteries like they are candy!!
0	None
1	Small, light, caller ID, big buttons, color screen, polyphonic ring tones.
0	Viewfinder is a little small for my liking, flash requires some practice
0	no flash, hard to understand directions, cheap construction
1	Convenience and storage capacity; no worry about memory stick or CompactFlash; moderately priced
0	Can be an ink hog at times
1	Hard to beat for the money.
1	Size, Size, Size.  2.1 megapixels is all you need!!!
0	Pricey must-have accessories
0	Reception inside some buildings is difficult.
1	cheap, good quality, easy to use
0	Somewhat expensive; big; slow?
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash needs recharging time, limited options
0	Bad red-eye, high battery drain, no lens cap holder.  8MB card is small.
1	Well, it works as a paper holder.
1	All in one design saves space, power and money
1	AFFORDABLE!!! separate color cartridges
0	Haven't found any yet
1	Size, design, Pop-Port, easy interface, FM radio
1	CD storage, smart flash, very impressive functions, versatile
0	Model has bad history
1	Great ride, reversible handle, good storage space, front and rear wheels lock, etc.
0	programming, picture printing
0	Antenna still not sturdy, pricey, expensive FM headset (optional)
0	Fixed antenna, GSM only
0	Chip Failures
1	RESOLUTION, speed, ease of use, price
1	Takes excellent photos, effortlessly!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Amazing technical capability in compact camera.
1	Good quality, many reclining positions
0	none
0	If it only works
0	Low resolution camera, can't record video clips.
1	Size, Monitor on feature, Loud and clear voice, good connection
1	battery life, cost, included cables and AC Adapter, RCA video-out signal
0	No radio, no voice memo, just one game included
0	Control system must have been designed by a congressional sub-committee.
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Takes Great Movies, Has SLR settings, Long Lasting Lithium Battery, (Charger Included) Good LCD display, Has Microphone and Speaker, Great Replay Feature, USB connection included, and MORE!!!
1	Color screen, insane battery life/talk time, small and light, Blutooth, GPRS.
1	modules available as money permits, scans, copies, prints color/b&amp;amp;w; battery option
1	side by side seats, lightweight, easy to fold and folds compactly
1	great, 3.34 megapixels, great resolotioun
0	doesn't grant me all-encompassing power over women...just kidding...no cons
0	USB issues when used with ME.
0	frequent battery recharging, doesn't have zoom
0	Cheap Printer
1	Cheap for the quality
1	Lightweight, reclines, can transport an older child on the back, durable.
1	Price, speed, DPS, Quality
1	Cheap
0	envy factor
0	not very fast and expensive ink cartridges 
0	price of glossy paper for it
1	I love this phone and the software that comes loaded.  It is small, lightweight, durable.
1	Very quiet. Low ink indicator
0	incredibly limited functioning for macs, scanner only for paper
1	fast, cheap, small
1	Small, lightweight, caller id outside of flip, multi feature, comes with hands free
1	FAST, quiet, sleek design
0	not without limitations, settings are lost when batteries are changed
1	easy to use, great picture quality
0	Incapable of color balancing properly in low light
1	Lightweight and small
0	no bluetooth
0	Battery life
1	very good phone
1	Cheapest on the market. Does work for small needs.
1	small and very durable.has the motorola toughness.
0	The ' EV ' display and instructions too technical for what you get.
1	Quality Canon lens, great pictures, quality build and feel.
1	Good price, affordable, quality prints
1	Very small & light, easy to read keys, excellent reception, speakerphone
0	none
0	Cheaply made, uncomfortable, no head support or cushioning. 
0	Ink replacement
1	Feature rich as a business tool
0	None yet
0	Requires software, Short battery life
0	It's not a laser, but it doesn't cost as much either.
1	HP quality, quiet operation
1	standard, good battery, good sound quality, custom ringtones, optional covers
1	great picture  quality
0	No interchangable lenses
1	Compact size; ease of use
1	Built in memory, nice case, decent size view LCD screen.
1	Price, Nice Picture quality, Compact, Lots of settings
1	inexpensive for its size, cute design,very durable
1	A+ for stylish. Amazingly lightweight. Shoulder strap is perfect.
1	Compact, lighweight, lots of feature for base model
0	Battery Life sucks, takes long to charge for nuttin, not much talk time
1	nice color screen, good range of ring tones that are not annoying
0	Paper tray sticks out back
1	Optical zoom, good battery life, LCD screen
1	Efficient machine with all the features you can want
0	bad signal, low volume, awful recharging setup, tiny font screen and phone book, no features
1	Light weight, Small, Quality JPG pictures
0	Some blurry photos in motion and exposure is too dark when shadowed under sun
1	size, battery life,  screen, reception
0	5min alkaline life,mpeg only displays half the small lcd.
1	It produces descent pictures.
0	mediocre color printing
1	Great image, good video, good audio recorder, cradle is a nice touch.
1	Lightweight &amp;amp; 10x 
0	none!
0	doesn't print at a professional level
0	Poor coverage and dropped calls, no solution offered by provider.
0	Haven't experienced any
0	hangs up when printing on the internet...not consistently..
1	Great printer, as long as you don't need to print anything.
1	Inexpensive, sharp color printing
0	Eats batteries. Not enough space for quality pictures.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, good quality photos
0	none yet
0	Pricey
1	Fast, Quality, Inexpensive
0	None
1	Fast, good printing for most applications
1	I own this camera, and its the best digital camera I have ever had!!!
0	Understanding what you're buying should reduce any negatives
1	Easy to use, Full featured, Long battery life in digital areas
1	cute design and good sound quality, long battery life
0	Cartridge costs $34.00 +
0	Signal isn't much better
0	Non-intuitive command structure and operation, cumbersome driving (hands free) driving mode, weak documentation.
1	Controls, ease of use
1	Saves uncompressed images, great resolution, great manual features.
0	Address book takes some getting used to. Long antenna.
1	Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#13;&#10;Great for using in a vehicle
0	No battery lives forever. Memory stick capable, but this is ordered separately, the camera itself is a little bulky
1	Tons of options, ease of use, voice clarity and quality, cool screen, memory, storage capability
1	Great quality, easy to use.
0	Cheaply Made,  VERY POOR CONSUMER SUPPORT, expensive to use because of batteries, not reliable 
0	Delicate, don't drop or let water get in contact with it
0	no zoom
1	Easy to use, Inexpensive storage media
0	The keys are very hard to read in the dark.
1	Good print quality, quiet, reliable
0	no basket (you need to get one yourself), does not collapse all the way
0	battery gauge needs re-written.
1	Modern looking
0	Unimpressive output quality. Needs good quality paper to look only &amp;quot;fairly&amp;quot; good. Graphics/photos are way too grainy.
0	BAD picture quality, poor software.
0	need a high quality printer, distance pictures tend to be fuzzy
0	Noisy, poor print quality, poor build, wasts ink cleaning itself, Slow.
0	Some inconvenient menus, Slow keypad response
0	The problem with the 3390 is sometimes there is static which disrupts the conversation.
1	3x zoom,super clarity,1.6 inch lcd and the increadible 2.1 megapixels and the list continues on.....
0	Pricey, needs bigger memory card, eats batteries
0	Batteries?????
1	Clear printing, Hassle free use
1	Games, screen, tones, looks
0	Buy a bigger flashcard, and battery life could be better.
1	Very, very solid.  Quite light and small.  Looks sort of funky.
0	Easily scratched, phonebook, outdated software platform, and no media expansion for camera.
0	Slower, lower print quality...but it's only $30.
0	The Software on this camera just plain SUCKS!
1	Large buttons; low price; loud ringer; good reception; large display; good menu system
1	Easy to use, Good pictures
1	Lots of options
0	Skimpy included CF card, "only" 2 MP, Limited AVI recording time
1	The Perfect phone
1	sharp, clear pictures with great color; compact; CompactFlash media
1	Very solid camera. Seems to be quite trustworthy. Outstanding CCD and optics.
0	Hard to use with one hand
0	Poor battery life, sluggish user interface, large antenna sticking out
0	Lots of incorrectly exposed and unsharp shots.
0	No Bluetooth, occasional email spam, marginal camera, potentially fragile, very few games available.
1	Fast, reliable, can handle network printing, inexpensive
0	stays lit while charging
0	Slow printing, ink cartridges run out with no warning.
0	Loud. Tall.
1	Sharp print and beautiful color images
0	Ease of use and battery usage
0	You could probably get a better picture with a more expensive camera
0	$100 more, kind of big compared to traditional camera
1	small footprint, large paper capacity, it's built in ability to directly attach 2 computers for sharing, its industry leading 3 year warranty, and its low cost make it and ideal printer when matched with an ink jet for graphics
1	Durable stainless construction
0	can be more durable, speakerphone could be slightly improved
0	Wish it had a bigger zoom.
0	None
1	This is a great camera that takes quality pictures and many options to choose from
0	Recessed buttons are tricky to use
0	Price, Cost of Sprint Service
1	RELIABILITY, print output, photo quality reprints, easy on ink
1	Supurb color
1	There are way too many things that are good about this camera
1	Good features - camera, radio
1	Inexpensive
1	toner lasts 4000 pages, faster than inkjet
1	picture quality,price
1	Key board, free sync softwate, IR port, phone software, screen...
1	Small, inexpensive, easy
1	Great little printer for lower end print jobs
1	Small, lightweight, but sturdy.  Price.
1	Good Value
0	Slightly clumsy
0	After several usages the printer heads began smearing.
1	ease of using a floppy disk, price, quality of finished product
1	Cheap with relatively decent image quality
0	Expensive and still quite cumbersome
0	Could have a place that holds more paper.
1	Keyboard, customizable menus, LOUD speaker phone, radio, voice dial, easy calender/planner
1	Price.  Rebate = $30
1	looks; features; price; screen
0	8MB memory stick, memory stick in general.
1	Great photo resolution, sharp images, good color, easy to use
0	SLOW
0	UK Price barrier maybe - but worth it!
1	Good reception almost anywhere
0	poor battery life, color unsaturated, not weatherproof at all
0	Not east to find good accessories.
1	NOTHING!!!!!
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't last long.
1	Size, image quality, features, convenience
0	"Acceptably small" means bigger than would make most happy...jog dial is moderately annoying.
0	OEM inks non-archival, a bit slow.
1	Clear pictures, great for the money
0	Unreliable
0	No case or a/c adapter included with package
0	cant lite the front screen in the dark. indistinguishable buttons.
1	Great Photos and two side printing
1	slimmest 2MP camera in the world, minimal shutter lag, output excellent for Web
0	Poor battery life, bad quality photos when zooming.
1	easy to use, wonderful quality pictures
0	Photo printing quality was low, driver froze the computer
0	- Flimsy Antenna
1	Compact, direct connect is nice.
1	Size, quality, and great pictures
0	No viewing of photos taken until download, difficult to use flash, short battery life.
1	Quiet, fast
1	6X optical zoom, great features
0	Buttons are kind of small.
1	classy design, bluetooth, speaker, loud sounds
1	High resolution at 1440x720, photo ink cartridges, high speed (about 8ppm b/w, 2 to 4 ppm color, 1ppm or less with photo quality), low price in comparison to comparable models, separate ink tanks (when red is dry but not blue or yellow, replace the red onl
1	Speakerphone, BRIGHT SCREEN, nice menus. Perfect choice.
0	looks cheap
1	Excellent reception; loaded with features.
0	This camera is slow to turn on, and does not have a very impressive zoom
0	I tis not a color Printer (Joking)Can't think of any
1	Small size, great organizer schedule, better than the Samsung N400
0	It's a bit annoying that you have to change cartridge for photo printings.
1	Low Cost, good black text printing
1	Looks AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses People
0	Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
0	Slow processing, complicated menus, Not very durable design
1	Solid performer, zoom's great, battery life is good, customizable picture taking settings are easy!
1	Feminine qualities. Sleek design. Clear, colorful screen.
1	Crisp, clean, hi-res output. Fast. Simple to use and set up. Low Price!
1	Simple, Small, Battery life long, Text Messaging, Event Planner
0	Tends to use ink quite fast therefore you need ink more.
0	Broke When Dunked in Toilet
0	Performs moderate to poor in low lighting conditions, even with flash
0	Build quality, dismal web access
0	discontinued
0	No AC power supply, 8MB CF (you will NEED more space) small LCD screen.
0	slow, heavier paper causes problems, tricky USB setup
0	Cheap plastic which gives, including the flip; CHEAP Build qaulity
1	Crystal clear high quality images, long battery life, lots of PLUS features. BUYIT!
0	Slow Speed, Bad Print Quality, Bad Resolution and BAD EVERYTHING!!!
1	Very cheap
1	1.Superb quality photographs, 2.Logical ergonomics, 3.Classy look and feel
0	Haven't found one yet
1	large display, lots of features
1	fits in your pocket,has a loud ringer and ear piece
1	Smallest Dot, superb color picture quality on Plain Paper
1	thetic
1	Smart Card reader feature
0	None significant
1	SIZE! Picture Q, Image Stitch mode, speed
1	4 pixels with many accessories give more shooting options
1	small, good keys, can be dropped from at least three feet and not break
1	Nice Candy design, Lots of Featured
0	reception is bad here but good there
1	Great photos with lots of detail, zoom, some manual features
1	Free with PC purchase
0	Darker photos don't print out as well.
0	Price, lack of viewfinder, screen is not &amp;quot;sturdy&amp;quot;
0	Very short battery life, built-in flash is dangerously bright.
0	None
1	Great looks, quality and price!
0	price tag
0	8 mb memory stick doesn't cut it.
1	A very nice camera for the price
0	The earpiece volume is a bit low but i may be going deaf!
0	bad placement of the status light
0	The T28 World as well as the T28Z both lag and have many glitches.
0	Limited battery life.
1	Part of a computer package deal
1	Compact unit with lots of features, and good for my work and home use. 
1	Price. Features.
1	price, size, quality, looks, and ease of use
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Like any electronic something better will come out, but until then ...
1	solid light good looking
0	Slow as a donkey, Expensive Ink, Expensive Paper
1	handy, practical, the games are neat.
0	LCD is small, software isn't the best
0	The scanner and fax are really bad
1	compact, Bluetooth, triband, programmable ring tones
1	Good text quality, works in DOS also.
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
1	Size, cost, versatility, cost savings, picture quality, comes with rechargeable batteries.
1	looks good, good voice quality, good bluetooth, good camera, nice buttons
1	Really small, easy to use, good clarity when there is reception
0	slow color printing
0	Cost, it's big!
1	Not many.It to be good scanner
0	The camera broke after six months.
0	MOST OF THE TIME, IT DOESN'T WORK!
1	easy to use
1	 It is light-weight, small, takes great photos, and has a great viewing screen.
0	Battery drain, com port only, NO ZOOM, 
1	Sharp pictures, flexible, easy photo downloading, reasonably priced.
0	shutter button has poor feel.
0	NONE
1	Tiny size, world wide coverage, SMS and picture messaging. Great menu system
0	Battery life after several months!
0	usb interface problems
0	no camera case included
0	BIG, not color, no expansion capability
0	small, wimpy, hard to reach basket!
1	10x zoom, good high-light pictures, uses AA batteries, 
0	Cartridge Price; Paper Handling
1	Nice photos. Good mix of features. 
0	Buy the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
1	Excellent, photo realistic printing with optional photo cartridge.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Overall value for the money.
1	Small, long battery life, ABSOLUTE BEST RECEPTION
0	Hard on batteries
0	hard to hook up to your computer
1	Beautiful prints, low initial cost
1	Its small, lightweight, and fast
0	Lack of manual f-stop and shutter speed, Macro photography not very well implemented
1	Great quality All in One plus it will copy, fax, and scan legal sized documents.
0	Slow
1	Good quality text and graphics, reasonably fast
0	No optical zoom, slow focus, no good for action flash shots.
1	small, compact, fast start, great pictures, metal body, great LCD
0	Expensive ink, eats ink up quickly too
0	Way to many features to learn fast!
0	Battery casing is fragile.
1	Great Resolution, Good exposure, indoors and out. Exceptional Battery Life 
0	bad bad bad pictures
1	it works
0	Can't do large poster-size prints
1	Features, size, display and data connectivity.
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, store, use, carry.  Great for travel
0	Rather Expensive, So much to understand, Very Delicate
0	Should come bundled with larger memory card and rechargeable batteries!
0	Poor tech support, Does not work with Win98
1	Quality printing affordable price.  supplies easily obtained and replaced
0	drivers, ink quality
1	Solid; good sound quality; fairly easy to use; good battery life; flip design
1	Lightweight,  great pictures
0	downloaded ringers needs to be much louder, button placement
0	Batteries fade quickly; battery cover pops open easily during use
1	Direct Connect, very durable, battery life
1	Beautiful Sharp color, and BW.  Fast printing times, and consistent quality.
0	Grainy picture, night time shots not good, Very cheap construction.
1	Good value, good quality pics, great chassis
0	price, weight, size, response time
0	None
1	Reliable, high-quality printing at a bargain.
1	The best optics! Ease of use.
1	image quality, size and weight, manual controls, optional wide angle and telephoto lenses
1	Display,Menu,3rd party Accessories
0	Words come out Smeared, Printing erros, Ink comes out fuzzy
0	no internal memory, not impressed with included software.
0	Small memory card, needs rechargeable batteries and charger, lens cap easily lost, Viewfinder is off.
1	Clear pictures.  Comfortable to use.  There is a lot you can do with this camera if you take the time to learn it.
1	fast, tray folds up, clear print
0	No USB cable provided; slightly bulky
1	lightweight, inexpensive
0	focus problems, viewfinder a bit small, memory
0	Can break if misused a lot.
0	Snags about 27% of memory resources with the different drivers that sits in resident memory.
1	Great quality, easy to use!
1	Cheap
0	Only comes with 16mb compact flash card and 4 Alkaline Batteries.
0	manual lens cap
0	Price
0	none to speak of
0	Price can be scary
0	Plastic Keys, A bit on the bulky side
1	Little lag time between shots, good battery life
0	Intimidated by lots of buttons? This may have too many settings for you.
1	- Size, - Battery life, - Daytime pictures
0	slow compared to some other printers
0	Heads get clogged and out of alignment; bad experience six mo. after purchase
0	doesn't work somtimes
0	So many features you cannot afford to lose the instructions; battery life
1	excellent picture quality
1	Tons of features, wireless internet.
1	Great quality photos, amazing durability, compact, easy to understand, great image options. 
0	No WAP, sometimes too small
0	small buttons, shorter battery life than most, small
0	Auto Focus problems; Shutter Speed in Auto mode. 
0	Still needs periodic reactivation; phone cannot be used with other services
0	print quality is only very good when using high-quality paper, expensive ink cartridges
0	my item arrived damaged the first time
0	no viewfinder, not highest resolution, bulky
0	Battery life
0	Time taken between pics
1	extremely sturdy, long battery life, good volume, quick menu access, some good rings
0	only ships with colour cartridge, small expensive cartridges
0	People with larger fingers will have a bit of trouble accessing the flash card
1	Small, Lightweight, Many accessories including underwater case,Versatile
0	Software drivers are a nightmare.
0	Ring tones, ease of use, overheating.
0	Flakey drivers, compact flash reader not that useful, missing next-generation features
0	Runs out of ink very fast. Expensive to change cartridge.
0	The only con would be is, if Nokia stops manufacturing this phone.
0	So many GREAT features I can't get to them all! 
1	Works quickly
1	Quality, price, add-on accessories, LOTS of features, size, great macro, SCENE mode, etc.
1	Rock solid, great output, features, size.
0	No USB No lens cap strap No second eye for neck strap LCD poor in sunlite
1	Ease of use, Big LCD screen
0	a little expensive
0	Physical size if space is limited
0	Ergonomics, shape,memory stick
1	All-In-One, Warranty, Quality, Easy-To-Use
0	Price. But hey, it's great technology.
1	Good pics,easy to use
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
1	Good image quality, High resolution, Simple to use, Small size makes it very portable
1	great pics
1	Folds up Compactly, Lightweight
0	everything 
1	Professional quality for pennys
0	Slow, useless scanner, unreliable fax
0	None!
1	Great Camera for $900-$1200 range
1	Cheap, superior color prints on photo quality paper, easy to set up and use. 
1	Many features, color, long battery life, enhanced phonebook/phone log, instant recording
1	Price &amp;amp; easy to use
1	Size does matter
1	good value, good quality
0	Long Warm Up Time/Slow First Page to Print in Color
1	Amazing quality, good price, large format
1	Easy to use
1	Great pictures with great exposure.
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Optical zoom, versatility, battery life, size and photo quality
1	A solid camera phone with good sound quality!
1	High megapixel, good features at a moderate price.  
0	Large screen, excellent sound quality, etc.
1	Blazing fast, sharp images
0	USB cable does not come with it.
1	Cool looks and screen, lots of features
1	good quality of printing
1	Sleek Phone, Color Screen
1	sweet and small
0	price
1	Convenient printing from your digital camera memory card and a good price
1	Excellent pictures in Auto almost every time.
1	Good price, good pictures.
0	lacks flexibility
0	PhotoMax software may have problems
1	Lots of options, digital, fairly easy to use
1	AA batteries, Compact Flash media, LCD screen, auto focus
1	Perfect Pictures Every Time
0	We wish the battery life was longer.
1	Shreds paper quickly and efficiently
0	My first one was defective! Retail price is too high.
0	It needs reliable batteries, not cheap ones.
0	Bad reception, low ring volume.
0	Expensive consumables (total up to around $175/year).
0	None
1	Web browser, Instant Messaging (AIM and Yahoo)
0	None
1	Lightweight, able to Direct Connect without selecting a Mode
1	1.3 megapixel resolution
1	Maneuverability, Lightweight
1	Lightweight, compact, and reliable.
0	Poor battery life in analog mode
0	Face of phone small, a little hard to read
1	Prints very quickly
0	does not use standard hands-free
1	good quality
0	Needs extra memory card, carrying case. Use view finder instead of LCD to save battery.
1	Was free when we signed up.
0	Kind of heavy but not too bad. Image quality is good except for its tint.
1	Cheap
1	nice display, feels great in hand, intuitive buttons
1	Very user-friendly.
0	Black bands/coags after a few sheets
0	Zoom feature
1	Nice Size, finish and features...  Best looking phone out
0	A little difficult to change printer cartridges
1	Sharp Image, Easy to Use, Low Price, Reputable Company
0	Photo quality is still not quite up to Epson standards
1	Cheap.. umm.. is it a digital camera
1	Great pictures, takes 1 gig micro drive
1	Good quality prints. 6 separate ink tanks saves ink costs.
1	Sharp Photos and long battery life
1	Swivel design; picture quality; versatility
1	Easy to Use
1	Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
1	Good Pix, Video with Audio, Output to TV, Web-cam, File copy
1	quality, price, durability
0	Print quality not as expected and drinks ink.   
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
1	Organic Color Display, Style, Ease of use
0	weight, form factor, backlight
1	Good picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;large LCD display
0	EVERYTHING
1	Cheap OK performance
0	Weight, hand grip could be rubberized
0	High price on cartridges from local stores
0	Must be technologically literate!
1	Simple installation, compatibility.
0	Bad sound quality
1	Compact, light, and cute.
0	Size, poor printed image quality
1	Unbelievable speed. Stunning colour. Ease of set-up
1	Easy Operation
0	accessories are hard to find.
0	A bigger screen and a better battery would be nice.
0	Does not include charging stand, can not hear yourself when talking.
1	great battery, looks neat and has a lot of cool features
0	Haven't found any yet!
0	Ships with small CF card of 32mb.
0	Just don't forget to put down the paper tray
1	Good Price
0	Battery life is terrible, 8mb memory card included
1	Durable and clear calls
0	Everything
1	Bright main display, good design and styling, convenient swivel camera, intuitive layout.
0	comes with 16mb memory stick
0	The longer you wait to buy, the more you'll get for your money.
1	Small size, color screen, very good battery life and reception.
1	small size, GPRS, Bluetooth, Java, Mophun, good ringtone reproduction, multi-number contacts, POP3-mail access
0	The print head easily clogs, requiring a lot of ink to clean.
0	Big phone, the light feature
0	Erratic menu operation, Warranty service
1	Easy to use, LOOOOONG battery life.
1	size, camera, flip style, easy to read/navigate.
1	Great screen, nice form factor, tweakable software and reliable signal
1	Price, Size, Weight
1	Overall good design
1	small, lightweight
0	slow speed
0	Slow printing on low resolution or text output, which I don't care about.
1	great resolution, usb transfer
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, easy software.
0	If immersed in water, it will probably cause damage
0	Hard to get., Pricey
0	That flip!
0	No optical or digital zoom, poor pictures in low lighting, red eye function inconvenient.
1	Storage capacity, features, service
1	Great price; great price!
0	Could be slimmer and lighter; no removable media and it does not view attachments.
0	Rechargeable battery life is very short, small memory card, need to by the accessories
0	Not shareable over network
1	Color screen, polyphonic ringtones, very portable.
1	CF Type I/II slot, timer, continuous shooting.
0	Service leaves much to be desired.
0	Only hold eight pictures to a disc
0	NONE
0	Somewhat Bulky;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lexmark Printer Ink Cartridges are expensive
1	Lightweight, good battery life and reception.
1	Can take digital pictures as well as short videos.
0	Somewhat slow on graphics and color.
0	Batteries don't last long, have to reset it when I turn the camera on
1	Speakerphone, good sound, excellent all-around
1	Gorgeous!  Sounds great, looks even better.
1	priced right, easy to use, very durable
1	Great for everyday paper use, affordable
0	Rather large unit
1	Fabulous picture quality, compact
1	Easily accessible rear seating for preschooler
1	good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good resolution for an entry level camera 
1	Tiny size, good clip, nice array of features, great battery life.
0	Crackly speakerphone, external antenna
1	Very small and easy to hold while talking, includes belt holster, nice charger
0	Prints slowly
1	great picture quality, lots of features. MPEGs with sound
1	Lightweight, easy to install
0	On very bright sunny days, the screen is difficult to see.
0	need more professional picture management
1	Have not really found any I could say
0	everything
0	A bit expensive...
1	compact...clarity...
0	Software hard to install when using USB cables
0	no flash
1	features, zoom, resolution
1	Quality of printing
1	Small
1	A ton of features
0	lcd/viewfinder is dim in low lighting
0	Long learning curve for some; delicate mechanisms; no longer sold!
0	power cord connection not secure
0	Only comes with 16mb media, but can be expanded to 128.
1	Awesome 10x zoom, image stabilizer, 2.1Mega Pixels, good flash, quicktime movies.
1	Outstanding Picture Quality even in low light, Fast picture transfers using usb cable, 
1	everything about this camera is incredible!
1	easy to use, great pictures, low light, threaded lens for filters
1	good quality for the price
1	Takes superb pictures! Easy to learn to use this product.
0	Delay after snapping photo, poor low light photos
1	quiet, fast, attractive, excellent print quality
1	tip calculator
0	Can be quite pricey.
1	Low Price, Compact, Viewfinder
0	Reciever Volume is low.
0	Extremely easy to damage, Canon customer support is terrible
0	Long charging time.
1	2400 x 1200 even on plain paper
1	Excellent display and sound, good range of features
1	Good Zoom, Sturdy access Doors, Size, Ease of Use
0	Frequently overused and akward to carry
1	price, set up, speed
1	quick, quiet and cute
1	Good price, feature-rich, ext. flash hot-shoe
1	Looks cool, some useful functions, good battery life
0	Flash not too 'smart', software
0	Compared to some phones available, larger than one would want
0	Microphone button too easy to activate.
0	Relatively "Old", too expensive for its age. Low talk volume.
1	thin, looks nice
0	Comes with small memory stick (16 MB) and camera is rather large.
0	Antenna, Antenna, Antenna, ever so small bugs in OS.
1	Outstanding value
1	Good quality printing. 2880 resolution prints. Sleek styling.
1	Ease of use, established brand
0	It does not have cup holders or a place to store shopping bags or a diaper bag.
1	Relatively fast printing 
1	Good quality pictures
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
1	Speed, colors, size, batteries
0	Does not work as designed.
0	display small for web browsing
1	great picture quality, good zoom, fast picture transfer.
0	Short battery life; fussy USB.
0	toner is expensive to replace
0	Zoom needs some work
1	Call Quality, Earpiece and Handfree volume, Picture Camera, Robust Contacts Application, Built-in Camera
1	Small size, good looking
0	horrible battery life, useless graphics editing program, no ac adapter included
0	annoying power button, not small, erratic battery performance
0	not the best out there
0	Drops service a lot
0	6 bills, wow!&#13;&#10;Brakes easily
0	sometimes jams paper up
0	Picture quality is very poor. 
1	You don't have to have the film developed.
0	drains batteries in a hurry, no AC adapter available to purchase separately
0	battery eater
1	Lightweight, easy to conceal.
0	Terrible battery life.
0	Limited accessories included, lens cap, too many menus, Quicktime, inconsistent fill flash, poor software
1	ZOOM, dual LCD Displays, Great Menus, Can be fully manual but fully automatic, etc......
1	very small and light,thumbstick control,backlit keypad, color screen, voice commands
1	Loaded with useful features; easy to adjust exposure; expandability; helpful display
1	Superb quality pictures. Lots of cool features. LCD screen
0	Instruction manual poor
0	A little bigger than what most people would be into, but no big deal.
1	Great picture quality, extra editing features, lens cover, small size
1	Great Quality and Affordable
1	sleek design, large screen, vibrant colour
1	Price, Great pictures, Smart Media slot
1	Excellent picture quality, feels like a real camera, unlike some digitals.  3.34  megapixels non-interlaced.
1	Color screen.  Speaker phone.
0	None yet
0	the ring tones are revolting & you can't download replacements.
1	True 4-color printing, good performance on plain paper
1	Cheap, small size, design
0	base difficult to install
1	High quailty print, good speeds.
1	great photo quality, fast, crisp b&amp;amp;w
1	Great size, great pictures, great everything!
1	Affordable, easy to use
1	 It comes out fast and even.
1	Good printer, great prices.
1	Not high priced, good quality, easy to install and use.
0	Inconsistent quality, delays before taking the picture.
1	4.1 Mp, good battery life, tons of features, easy to use
1	Inexpensive , easy to use , uses AA.
1	Ease of use, great quality photos, love the store-on-disk feature
1	Extremely perfect quality, lots of great features,perfect for e-mailing
1	Cheap, good image quality
0	battery is very bad, keys are bad cause you always are making mistakes
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	Good software, lasts along time
0	Not supported by Linux (yet), Occasionally drops pictures out of memory, Horrible Tripod mount 
1	Super 8X optical, 4X digital zoom lens. Movie feature. Manual or automatic exposure control.
0	annoying noise when powering down after usage; drivers on disc conflicted with system
0	Hard to find
1	Takes great outdoor photos in good light, easy to carry, easy auto operation.
0	Poor speed and quality
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	NONE
0	big wheels take up room
1	good print quality, easy to use, low cost
0	Limited light handling capabilities.  Poor color fidelity. 
1	Great photos even indoors, Great value, Great battery life w/out LCD
0	Needs a software upgrade...soon
1	Paper weight
0	nothing
1	Great pics,small,features, sound movie, stitch, screen 
0	not for novices
0	None so far for me
1	VERY Fast, Reliable Printer
0	It's a total piece of garbage.
1	Compact, Price and Options
1	Light, inexpensieve, recurrent alarm feature, WAP
1	Size
1	Affordable, clear pictures.
1	Everything
0	Expensive for weekend photographer, bad low light focus, ISO issues.
1	Sleek, compact, highly functional.  Good battery life, reception.  Sound acceptable most of the time.
1	Price, Looks, Durability. 
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
0	the shot rate
0	Batteries, doesn't come with a case
0	Call volume bad, no alarm cock
0	expensive. 
1	Unbelievable Print Resolution!!  Quiet.  Affordable.
0	Not so stellar text output, slow print speeds, expensive media and ink cartridges
1	Gallery, Viewing Lense, High Capacity for storing pictures, Nice Design, High Resolution/Good Quality photos.
1	SIM card, Lithium Ion battery, multiband, long battery life
1	fast, great resolution
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
0	Had to purchase extras
0	Works bad on new Win2000 PC
0	Plain exterior
0	A little bulky
1	PC and Mac Friendly
0	Terrible battery life, no sound on movies, bulky
1	Good Features &amp;amp; Price
0	Unfriendly user interface, not alot of features, Qwest's service`
0	None
0	Scared of losing it, A bit pricey
0	battery life
0	not for people with bigger fingers
0	No optical viewfinder, weak flash
1	Uses a computer disk instead of film.
1	Easy to use, great pictures
0	Ink Cartridges Are Over Priced
0	Must buy a USB Cable
1	All in one. Fax,Copy, Printer. What else is there to say
0	Don't be lazy, read the review.
1	Very good size, easy to follow programming, not fancy.
1	Easy to carry, Optical Zoom, Macro, USB connection
1	compact size, good picture quality
0	more pricey than other joggers
0	PC Sync is somehow hard to use, no expansion port, fingerprints easily,
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Great display, great contact management software
0	no mp3
1	Dual band, easy to use
1	lots of features for good price
0	No flash
0	too hard to operate
1	Small, lightweight, internal antenna, voice dialing
0	Temperamental, bad paperfeeding problem.
0	Horrible quality phone.
1	Ping Pong Messaging, easy use, cheap
0	Volume horribly low, voicemail inefficient
0	Difficult to access basket, small inconvenient viewing window, pricey
0	Serial Cable
0	None
1	Durable, good battery life, large screen size
1	Powerful storage of short messages, interesting games, smart clock alarm, excellent battery
1	price
1	price, photo quality, ease of use
1	excellent picture quality
0	Only holds 10 envelopes
0	As a 25 year 35mm user, I've found none.  Absolutely delighted with the G3.
1	good looking photos when they would print
1	Great form factor; perfect blend of features
1	96 images, file/image size, swivel lens, price &amp;amp; ease of use
1	Functions,style
1	Just point and shoot
1	The first phone to combine a kickin' set of features with user-oriented design.
1	I have never had a paper jam or any problems with it.
1	Good picture quality, lightweight, stylish, good interface
1	Lightweight, portable
0	Icon displays are too bunched up together,bad leather case design, and limited phone customization.
0	Mediocre battery life.  Definitely get a rechargeable battery.
1	affordable
1	High speed, Photo quality print
0	nothing
0	Everything. Except that it's blue.
0	 Cost... Cost...
0	Expensive ink, no legal sized documents, pay for customer support
1	Attractive, small, lightweight
1	Super easy to use, wonderful quality images, plenty of features, great price.
0	Card reader does not work for all digital media; software takes lots of memory. 
0	bulky; no color display; ringer is a little soft
1	Outstanding
0	Battery and charging time
0	Not reliable
0	Smart Media Card, not enough manual functions
0	Too expensive, broke after a year, couldnt get email to work
0	battery life
0	I really have nothing bad to say about this camera. It outperforms most.
0	not many ringers,vibration mode is not too strong,takes a while to load sim
1	Utility, features
1	convenience, quality, excellent zoom
0	None
1	Cheap printer. Wide paper capacity
0	none
1	Nice size.  No external antenna to easily break.
1	Solid build, excellent ergonomics, high pixel count, solid state CFII support, many available accessories, live image preview
0	Stated battery life is in dog hours, lame ringtones, ill advised outside buttons
1	High quality prints, fast output, reliability
0	Nothing I can think of
0	reception, battery life.
0	hard to believe,found NONE 
0	bad phone charger, low volume, some mechanical problems
0	Gliches, battery life
0	Some installation trouble on WinXP, make sure you have internet access to install.
1	A beautiful, feature loaded phone that is fun to use and easy to handle.
1	Great quality images, very affordable, and easy to use 
1	Lightweight, sturdy, easy to handle
0	Vibrates, but not as strong as others
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
0	EXPENSIVE PHOTO CARTRIDGE, large
0	must purchase basket and full hood separately! no cup holder, locks broke
1	Great battery life, good speaker phone
1	Clear pics
1	No maintenance, ink is affordable
0	good looking,widely connected and easy to use
1	Ease of use, floppy disk format
1	Battery Life and Design
0	Technical difficulties/price/GSM only/does not work well indoors
0	Print heads frequently fail and are not covered under warranty.
1	wide  enough  to  drive and  make  calls
0	Price
0	Ink and the Canon Photo Paper Pro is very expensive
0	Expensive, signing the contract
1	Fast, High Quality, Maintenance Free
1	Color screen, speaker phone, great reception, loud rings, sturdy holster!
0	Ink Problems, Long Warm Up, Cleaning on Warm up does not work, Feeding problems as well.
0	Not the fastest or most powerful
1	Affordable.  Good Quality.
1	One of the few remaining high-end handsets that is still just a mobile phone.
1	Quiet, compact, ease of use. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	great pics at affordable price
0	Battery Life, Supplied Memory
1	Photo Quality. Ink lasts a long time. Easy to use.
1	Camera, video, button opens up flip, spotlight, picture ID, HUGE color screens, seems scratch-proof.
0	Auto Turn off too quickly, menu too hard to use
1	good zoom, easy to use
0	Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
1	Size, style, voice dialing.
1	ease of use, convenient storage media, lots of cool features
1	Quiet, nice print, reliable
1	Great Games & Extras
0	none I can think of
1	small size, belt clip holder, charges quickly, great reception, lightweight
0	Bad reception, slow reaction to user and not very user friendly.
1	Fast, quality, full bleed photo output!  Very friendly on the wallet.
0	Slow onboard camera - computer transfer, picture shown in LCD screen prior to shot is a bit brighter than the final image, no lense cover
0	Too small, display too small
0	eats up batteries (as most digital cameras do)
0	Price,Durabilty
0	Slow when in 2400x1200 DPI mode
0	Load paper feed
1	Very compact design, great picture quality.
1	Speedy Printing, easy to use, price
1	Excellent Print Quality
1	internet saavy, thin, great signal, large screen, can do more than you will ever use
1	Instant pictures, Easy to use, and picture upload time is quick
0	Battery hog, poor LCD screen
0	Software is somewhat of a disappointment&amp;#13;&amp;#10;. 
1	The storage media
0	It could be faster, resolution on scan images could be better.Big Unit
0	Old technology.  Obsolete and useless web browser
1	color screen, options, sounds, comfort, hands free set
1	Nice, easy-to-use features, including speaker phone and voice recognition.
1	sturdy, dependable, reliable, clear
0	Battery life, thick size
1	Wide Format
0	The Limited Choice of colors on the case
1	Color at average DPI is very good, incredible at highest.
1	easy setup, voice controls
1	very compact, many nice midi ring tones
0	Too slow for those with high speed needs
1	Sharp text, quiet, easy to install
0	eats batteries
1	Faster printing, able to print large items such as posters
0	None that I noticed.
1	Convenience, Easy turning
0	Just about everything else... Read and discover...
1	Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
0	Can have a few glitches
0	Goes through batteries very fast
0	expensive, power button confused with exposure button
0	quiet ring tone, downloads
0	8mb card is way to small, price is high, 
1	all the features
1	easy use, menu system, options, documentation, compatable
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	Nice print output, separate cartridges for each color
1	good clear pictures, automatic focus and flash nothing to set.
0	A bit thick, cheap designed cradle
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
0	Slow speeds, photo cartridge is not a true**Photo Ret II
0	Heavy price tag, No Bluetooth, Screen not "that" bright
0	The battery life is very short. Ring selection is very limited!
1	analog/digital, comes with second batter, cradle, case
0	poor software support for mac
1	Great extra feature like Calendar, Alarm and PROFILES!!!
0	Not good in low light, doesn't come with a case, only 8 MB card.
1	numerous generic accessories available, tones available for download from the web
0	No on/off button, no telephone/fax button. Poor color fidelity in copy mode. 
1	Lots of AOL discs floating around
0	the memory stick that comes with it is too small
0	battery life, signal reception is horrible, software freezes
1	Good buy for the money, quite, easy set-up, good paper handling
0	None
1	Affordable, lightweight, and reputable company
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
0	Picture quality
1	lightweight
0	Driver does not show ink levels remaining!
1	Great Color
1	fairly reliable with XP and linux
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
0	Ink is harder to find.  
1	Speed, Quality, noise Level
0	None
0	Kind of large, no internet connectivity (WAP)
0	16mb smartcard is undersized; more plastic than metal; zoom is only 3x
1	Great Camera, and Great quality
0	Ridiculously tacky.
1	Ease of use, quality of pictures
1	Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
0	Fuzzy pictures
0	breaks easily, difficult to enter numbers into memory
0	Ink evaporates and then clogs print head
1	Excellent talk time, battery life and menu interface
1	Lightweight, easy to use, great picture quality
0	Redeye, Kodak software poorly depicts picture quality
1	One device, anywhere in the world
1	Small Metal body. Low price. Good picture quality.
0	speakerphone and outside buttons are difficult.
0	Call Quality poor at times.
0	Slow!!!
0	slow to load, uses too many batteries, fuzzy distance shots
1	Big basket, dual handles, canopy, reclining seat, great quality and value
0	only holds 20-voice activated numbers.
0	Mind-bendingly expensive, for the obsessed only.
0	craftsmanship, quality
0	User manual, menus take getting used to.
1	HP great machine
1	Reliable, good print.
0	AC adapter sold separately
1	Coolest looking phone on earth
1	Deep, rich color when printing photos
1	Great LCD display, great features on the camera, easy to use
1	Easy to use, durable
1	smaller than other double strollers.
1	small, versatile, easy to use
0	A bit heavy, buttons somewhat stiff to use
1	Small
1	Ok for utility purposes, where quality is unimportant.
0	Runs through batteries
0	Non-standard windows drivers.
1	EVF, ergonomics, in-camera editing features, flexibility, 
0	low resolution, that way-to-bright flash!
1	Takes incredible pictures
0	none its very reliable
0	Hard to hear another call coming in if you are already on a call.
1	Filmless technology = totally liberating! Buying accessories!
1	Easy To Use &amp;amp; Setup, Not Expensive For Ink Jet Refill Cartridges
0	Serious accessory issues
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
0	Bad low light pics
0	No focus or flash control.  No AC adapter.
0	Blurry pictures if you aren't very still, no flash, lose power and pics are gone
1	Great zoom, with wonderful resolution and sharpness.Compact size.
1	Awesome closeups, amazing detail, automatic settings take wonderful shots
0	Multimedia cards are not cheap
0	Not the best photo printer, flimsy design
1	Good reception. Good battery life . Nice design.
1	fast for portable, very good quality, small, light
1	An excellent camera all round with many features
0	Price, supplied CompactFlash card is small
1	Speed, Color, Everything
0	Didn't Hold Up Well When Run Over By 3/4Ton PickUp
1	All features i need for everyday communication
1	Low Price, Excellent Reception, Fully Customizable
1	Allows a variety of manual controls
1	Great quality, feature packed, long 'on-times'
0	none that I can think of
1	Tons of functionality/features for it's average size.
0	brakes failed, hood leaks, plastic latches on hood broken - all after 4 months
0	Frustrating to use; To many problems
1	Relatively inexpensive 
1	Very easy camera to use
0	not speedy as regular film cameras, Expensive
1	Can be used for mac, &amp; pc.
0	ink cartridges are a little high and don't last very long
1	dependable, good quality
0	Not "automatic" in downloading to PC; support only via phone not e-mail
1	Lightweight, readable display, vibrating
0	No instruction manual, changing ink cartridge is tricky, text is not sharp 
1	Compact, outer LCD and clear display, records voice memos.
0	Expensive
1	Great photos, fast, free with rebate
0	Lasted 11 months before started eating all paper.
0	No color or photo printing.
0	None
1	Swivel view finder
1	easy use
0	Optional AC adapter
0	Earpiece volume not as loud as I like. Some controls not for bigger fingers.
1	HEAVY DUTY; JACK OF ALL TRADES; RELIABLE.
1	Very cool looking., Good picture quality
1	Easy to use, HP Quality and support, Low cost, Great first / family Camera!
1	Great pictures, easy to use
1	three wheels
1	Light weight, nice belt clip, clear display, excellent battery.
1	Extremely lightweight and compact, Easy to Use, Beautiful Photographs
1	Price, Software, Ease of use and installation, Print Quality.
0	Poor battery life, no provision for add-on lenses or filters 
1	Nice screen
0	8 MB Storage card supplied with camera is woefully inadequate
1	Beautiful output, when it works
1	Camera, Aim Intergrated, WAP, 65k color
1	easy to use, good price, great pictures
0	Ink is not cheap (but it's not really expensive, either)
0	drains battery quite fast
1	small, light, great picture quality, great features.
1	Easy to use, versatile, small
0	flash is blocked slightly with add on lenses 
0	Still not  quite stable
1	Pretty good quality, fast text and low-quality printing, inexpensive
1	Quality
1	All the features in a compact case!
1	Marketing
0	None
1	Price, Quality, Ease of use, Features.
0	cheap plastic, bad resolution, poor quility pics, zoom is horrible
1	Good to look at, easy to handle
1	Cheap. Physical setup ok.
0	Length between photos; No audio for movies
0	None
1	Great design, easy to hold, great screen, great reception
1	reliable, excellent ergonomic design, crammed with features, top talk and stanby time, email and more
1	NO film developing
0	That little on/off switch sucks
0	Software package, alkaline battery life.
1	Small, sleek, has all the basic features, works nicely, user friendly
1	Good text printing &amp;amp; no jams
0	Pictures just don't have the depth found in non digital cameras, 
0	none that I have experienced.
0	the color, rubber bumpers on sides get dirty quickly, camera quality is very low.
0	Very slow snap-shooting response - has no case, lens cap can easily be lost
1	Price, Quality, Design, Easy to Use
0	Batteries do get used quite a but unless you have adapter
0	Color ink is a bit pricey, replacing the print head is a major upkeep expense.
1	Price - what a bargain, Extremely easy to use
0	everything but size and user friendly
1	No cables means no xmas lights impressions (cable tangling).
0	Short battery life, No voice activated dialing.
0	oh, the camera strap can get twisted
1	Ease of use, user friendly, light weight.
1	lg LED Screen Back lit. All in one degsin
0	Really poor performance for the price
0	Lens in corner needs getting used to. Can easily have finger in frame
1	Picture quality, price, self explanatory menus
0	bad color-detail prints
0	Battery cover, looks, looks, looks.  Fell off ugly tree. Twice.
1	colour screen, poly and mono tones, java application or games, IrDa, MMS...
0	Learning curve for features---Macro feature is poor--lag in shutter 
0	Fragile Sliding mechanism, Manual focus is a pain.
0	Sound, Speakerphone, Camera, Phone Book, Missing Date, Software, Features
0	Must keep batteries on hand
0	It is expensive because it is a relative novelty, and do not get it wet.
1	Battery life, many faceplates, good vibrate function
1	great feature set, perfect size/weight, brilliant color display
1	Quality, Stores a lot of photos at high res.
0	very slow and ink does not last long
1	excellent quality shots, many on camera options, affordable, low battery consumption, easy to use, Durable
0	Getting over switching from film to disk
0	Flaky reception, frequent phone and sim card freeze-ups, feedback when using headset.
1	None.
1	Astounding photo quality. No, I really mean it, absolutely brilliant photos.
1	Fast, clean printing. Software shows ink levels which, alone, is worth the purchase.
1	Strong phone, good sound
1	All in one fax, copier, scanner and printer, does them all relatively well, good value.
0	Reception not very good, caused by mobile phone service (Fido).
1	very clear photos
1	Too many to list!
1	Small size, smartmedia, many preset photo modes
0	warranty not very long
0	battery life, games, dual mode, menu structure, keypad, no side volume controls.
0	A little heavy and big.
1	Low Price, Standard Printing, Photo Compatable, great value! Must buy.
0	Poor flash, lack of manual options.
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	The light-weight design, durability, camera quality, and slide function.
0	none
0	Color Screen in Outdoor Light, Phone freezes
1	none
1	Lovely, vivid pictures! Very fast drafts printing.
1	Extremely dependable
0	Terrible reception and volume, screen freezes, settings change when plugged into a charger
1	Reasonable size, great features, direct connect, "worldwide"
1	great for the home user
0	No manual focusing
0	short battery life, poor resolution, no&amp;#13;&amp;#10;customer service, badly constructed
0	Cartridges are a liiiiiiiittle expensive, but they last a long time so it's not a big deal
1	Great price and quality
0	Date Imprint is not automatic
0	Can't talk and charge
0	bigger than a credit card
0	low resolution
1	small, sound quality, color screens
1	Clarity, size
1	it was free, it was durable
1	image quality, video w sound
0	Little built in memory, short range
0	None
0	High ink costs, Slow startup, Re-calibrates too often
1	fast, good PL6 images 1200 bpi.
0	Small storage basket, no built in cup holders.
1	A great Idea
0	Not quality Pictures
0	Cost (But still worth it)
0	Zoom button is in an annoying place.
1	Easy to use, beautiful pictures.
1	easy to use, web, color, durable,
0	Touchy, slow focus, no a/c adapter, no movie sound, no autofocus
0	Disappointing picture quality, probably due to an inadequate flash.
1	fast, quiet and great quality print
0	Initial Memory Card Size (16mb), Proprietary Battery Pack
0	A little bulky, delay on pressing shutter button
1	LIGHTWEIGHT
0	It is a real time/money waster
0	cannot store email addresses.
1	Flexibility, tri-band, appearance, reasonable price
1	Incredible image quality, easy to use, comes with all the accessories, nice user manual
0	no complaints
0	Battery life is weak. (Recommend Buying Rechargeable) Small memory card 
0	No video output, combined media card/battery compartment, menu driven operation  &amp;#13;&amp;#10; 
1	Easy to use, good picture quality
0	non-removal 2MB flash card
1	Floppy media, optical zoom, Mpeg capability
1	Very Durable, Long Life Battery, Great Signal, Camera, Color Screen, Speakerphone, Good Design
1	Photo Quality Prints
1	advanced features, color
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to use, prints digital photos without a computer. Great image quality
1	The phone works in the US.  Other than that....?
1	*Many functions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Good battery usage for the three AAA batteries.
0	No voice dialling. No infrared. Battery life could be better.
0	short battery life, but quickly recharges
0	LCD can be tough to see in daylight, fast battery use, only 2X optical zoom
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
0	No analog Roaming
1	Sprint Service
1	Wickedly long standby time
0	Poor customer service, lots of dropped calls and dead spots
0	Voice memory is shaky and the phonebook isn't optimal
1	Price, great technical help
1	All in One, Easy to Use, It isn't a flatbed scanner, 
0	flat design may take some getting used to
0	Low print speed
0	Sometimes difficult to dial with teeny buttons.
1	Very easy to use
0	Nothing
1	I like everything on this phone it's light,  it's small.
1	G3 an excellent camera indoors
0	Cant print at speeds that are said
0	no games, no calculator, new ringtones require complex programming, voice recognition needs work
0	Sprint PCS support people overwhelmed.
1	Has a lot of easy-to-use features, excellent reception, very portable
0	Too many to list.
0	Can't Think Of Any
0	Tri-Mode
1	Beefy build, Loud enough to be heard, Decent display, Decent keypad layout.
0	slow, not the sharpest text it the world
0	price
0	Hard to figure out how to connect to computer, having problems and need tech support.
1	Intuitive Nokia interface; great screen; easy to use
0	Delicate connector/Card Reader Needed
1	Blue Backlight
1	Normal layout, easy to use, 2 battery types
0	a little slow with the &amp;quot;best&amp;quot; option
1	Small & compact, packed with features, ability to change covers
1	Easy and trouble-free
1	Amazing features for the price and size, good warrantee repair service from Fuji
0	Physical quality bad. Hard to find accessories.
1	Very small; a little bigger than a credit card
1	Not ONE!
0	Price, slow learning curve, placement of sensors.
1	Separate Ink Carts - Fast - Easy to Use
1	very good printer
1	Inexpensive, High Resolution, Easy to Use
0	SLOW shutter speed and no zoom. 
1	great color, easy setup, prints large-format, PostScript available as an option
0	COULD NOT PRINT THE DATE AND TIME ON PHOTO WHEN DOWNLOADED ON THE PC. 
1	Clarity, Portability
0	Expensive ink cartridges.
0	Ink cartridges are costly; as afore mentioned in prior reviews, but buy on Ebay!
1	An affordable 3.2MP camera that's easy to use in most conditions. 
1	Lot of features.  Great indoor/outdoor quality.
1	Good Price
0	No fancy stuff.  Small internal memory, but easy to upgrade.
0	Basket is not easy to get too! Needs a cup and bag holder for parents.
0	The antenna..what's up with this antenna? Blue lettering
0	too minor to mention
0	Photo Ink is VERY expensive
1	great coverage, big clear screen, durable
1	Very Fast, excellent text and image quality; Both full Cartridges included
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, short battery-life, pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
1	long standby time, voice commands, compact, sleek looking, decent camera
1	Picture quality, Size, Durability
1	Space saving printer with crisp, clear quality
1	Simple, Cheap, Fun
1	Everything
0	Hard to adjust screen contrasts, buttons too small.
1	User-friendly, 2.3 MegaPixel, Fun
0	Not good enough for professional artists.
1	Did I tell you about the floppy disks?
1	Print Quality, fast printing, fast warm-up, nice software,USB,light, compact, cheap, envelope feeder
0	plastic seat-back, heavier than most umbrella strollers
0	Battery Drainage /w flash, Bad Lighting=Bad Photos
1	Very easy to use -- you an figure it out without the manual.
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
0	Horrendous memory usage, destabilizing in multitasking environment.
1	Small, good screen
1	Excellent price point, improved focus, VASTLY improved image quality, ISO 3200
1	Excellent quality, quiet, no jams, great drivers, USB or Parallel
1	3.5 inch floppy
1	All the features I will ever need!
0	Driver has no margin adjustment. 
1	price, speed, quality
1	Attractive, multi function phone
1	value,  removeable storage, LCD display, good software, 
0	After  scan,  part that saves, and lets you select file format, don't open
0	Big and slow.
0	Flash, Pictures, Software, Drivers
0	Canon is too cheap to include case or a larger compactflash card&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Have to Listen to Boss
0	Slower processor and color screen handles less colors than the newer camera phones
1	Voice calling and promting, light weight and seems durable
0	nothing to big to mention
0	can't seem to change the color....
0	Price,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
0	Somewhat flimsy
0	Hard Software Installation, Extra Care Required
1	One piece design,contoured shape,performance,menus are intuitive,rugged.
1	size, ergonomics, earpiece sound quality, phone book layout
0	screen is hard to see w/o backlight, thick. Area codes needed.
1	Compact, Has an LCD screen, Lots of features.
0	Still very pricey for what is basically an "amateur" base camera.
1	Great Size
1	Lightweight, Small, Easy to Use
0	Camera, flip phone
1	Reliable as a point and shoot camera in most conditions
1	small, lightweight, easy to use, lots of features
1	Fast and efficient with great scans and rich colors.
0	Battery life is only good for 75 minutes of shooting. Once I got started, I wanted to keep going!
1	Very cheap, good quality, long-lasting cartridge
1	Fast, easy to install, and light weight enough to carry.
0	Battery life, length of time it takes to write the image to the CF card
0	There isnt any
0	Have yet to find one.
0	durability, glitches in software
1	Beautiful Color Screen, RECEPTION, Camera, Bluetooth, etc.
1	Excellent printer it's quite,fast and printing jobs are great.
0	Absolutely devours batteries,slow transfers to pc,flash overexposure
0	fragile, bad software, 4 out of 4 phones defective within 6 months
0	Small storage card, battery life.
1	A good product for the price.
1	Vibrating Alert, Digital Service &amp; Caller I. D.
0	Nothing. Unless you want a cute fluffy flip phone.
0	Nothing yet...
0	had to buy reader for my iMac
1	cheap, easy to use and install
0	New model, no deals on price yet
0	Tiny multi-function keys for editing.
1	A very solid phone with great looks&#13;&#10;Easy to use
1	great quality, decent price
0	Sound quality is awful
1	Print Quality is good
1	wireless web capable, download ringtones & graphics capable, voice activated dialing, customized profiles for environments
1	good-looking, good features
1	Incredible value, black text print quality.
1	Inexpensive, lightweight, long battery time, ability to change face plates
1	Easy to use, quality 4X6 photos, Floppy disk (No USB, no memory sticks)
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
1	price, clarity, features
1	SUPER SMALL!!  Motorola product.  Long battery life.
0	2 units went belly-up over a 13 month period.
0	None come to mind.
0	User interface
1	battery life, picture quality, manual controls, Carl Zeiss lens
0	a bit slow for text but its not really meant for that. Costly ink cartridges
0	Ink cartridges a little expensive
0	Lens cover is weak.sucks power when viewing LCD screen
0	expensive
0	You MUST read the manual and play with the camera settings!
0	pictures are hit &amp; miss,not for professionals
0	none.
1	Price, 640X480 mode good
1	Very good initial print quality.Quick performance both send and receive fax.
0	too big, no alarm, no games, no battery life,heats up, slow connect to network
1	colored ink, cartridge easy to replace
0	1.9 GHz only, expensive extras if you want to synch with computer
1	light weight, speakerphone, data support
1	Good print quality and speed for home use.
0	Is $500, but is perfect meld of phone and Palm.
1	Soooo Sexy! Really long battery life, perfect size, games, interchangeable covers, so many features
0	very susceptible to water damage, a bit pricey
1	Sleek, easy to use, MP3 capable, 1.3 megapixel camera, clear calls/sounds, long battery life.
1	Very small, Free, includes head set.
1	Very effective and compact
0	Horrible reception
0	Not too loud, but not the quietest either.
1	multi-functional
1	Fast Printing,Some Cool gadgets for those who need them, low cost ink
1	SIZE!!!
0	Bad power management
0	no duplexer, no infrared, see other cons in cons section
1	It gives you excellent photo quality!
0	the price is at the higher end, but a good product is worth it in the long run
0	none
0	very little, picks up Background noise a little but can be minimised. (See review)
1	Cost, separate ink cartridges
0	No USB connections on some PC's
1	nice color, easy, compact, uses CF, AA battery and USB, long exposure
0	paper jams,slow printing
0	Pictures are below average, even compared to 2 megapix cameras.  Flimsy construction quality.
0	LCD gets nose smudges when looking through viewfinder
1	Quiet, good text printing performance
1	quality, price, nice design, Photo Ret III&amp;#133;
0	Can't think of any!
1	Easy to use.  Good quality still photos with various options in-camera.
1	Low ELF emissions
1	Good Solid Camera for everyone.
1	easy as a point and shoot, high quality images, many many options.
0	Not the best digital camera available.  No flash.
0	funny keypad design, size is a little bigger
1	Easy transfer of photos.
1	Crisp and Clear Graphics and Text; Inexpensive
0	Not as versatile as the very expensive digital cameras.
0	folding could be a problem for some.
0	Not as good on large groups, but good
1	great quality, fairly quiet, cheap!
1	Quality photos, USB connection
1	very small and lightweight
1	Can print Large paper, Excellent quality, Great Software, Also has a straight paper path option
0	Speaker functions poorly at times, Walkie Talkie losses signal.
1	Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
1	beautiful design, rapid quality printing, paper treatment, toolbox / diagnostic options
1	99 number memory, good voice quality, and one hell of a snake game
0	can't program a distinctive ring for different callers
0	too expensive, easily breakable, strap problems
1	Small, easy to use
0	none
1	Excellent Quality
1	they are always below
1	Adjustable handle height, pneumatic wheels, tight turn radius, switches to a jogger, sturdy.
0	none
0	The software's user-interface stinks. Expensive. Big!
0	Get what you pay for.
0	Missing storage, hard to collapse
1	large seating area, lots of leg room, moveable seats, easy steering,  large wheels make it easy to go through stuff
1	Great exposure control and contrast, good manual controls
0	none
0	NONE
0	Slow to start, uses much ink
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed, expensive in long run
1	Low Cost, Attractive Design, Easy of Setup, Easy of use
0	Comes with only 16 MB memory stick
1	Great quality pics,compact and a great buy at $400
0	difficult to use, high rate plans
0	Cannot easily change volume while talking.
0	camera is only 1.3mp, internal memory is only 5.5mb
0	USB can be tempramental, Cartidges are expensive
1	It is user friendly, nice colors
1	Excellent printouts, speedy, quiet
1	Very easy to use, very smooth lcd display
0	not good for one person use
1	Good combination of features/price/quality
1	Easy Operation, Price, Looks, Great Shots
0	Slower than some, no USB support, 3 colors in one cartridge
0	Battery Life is the pits!
0	short battery life
0	Menu not very user friendly
0	Ping-pong messages don't always work, can't get onto the Internet
1	Small and compact
1	Absolutely wonderful for accommodating twins and their car seats with special attachment bar!
1	Good Value; Good Prints; LCD preview makes it easy to print without a PC
1	I love the easy access and not hard to get things.
1	Simple to use design, durable, reliable, clear calls, cheap!
0	Flash pop up in your hand.
0	Does not work well with parallel pass through port
1	Tiny, Light = Wearable
0	No optical zoom / consumes batteries fast
0	Cartridge price, end-of-print "spew"
0	Windows-only, has some problems with feeding envelopes
0	fails as a phone, too quiet to use in loud places
1	It's Hewlett Packard
0	it died after 8 months of use.
1	Versatile and grows with baby
0	big, low resolution
1	easy to use features, easy to read screen, variety of ring tones, voice activated dialing
1	Good sized camera which comes with everything you need !
1	Outstanding pictures/text
0	One of the most expensive inkjet printers
0	Expensive memory, not the best flash, Software.
0	Poor games, ringtones, and menu... ONLY 12 LETTERS TO ENTER FOR NAME
0	Low battery life
1	small, good reception, loads of features
1	Small, looks good
1	Great audio and video display!
0	Breaks and is cheap
0	nothing
0	Videos are not clear if dark and in highest resolution is limited to 30 secs.
1	Easy to use, images are nice quality
0	expensive
1	Easy, fun, VERY inexpensive data storage
0	A little bulky for a phone; no memory slots
1	Has nice print-outs when it works
0	very very short battery life.  Did not work with provided photo software
0	I go through cartridges quickly
0	Too slow, no compatibility with other printer cables, color quality isn't too great
1	Price, print quality
0	tough to see in the light.  poor headphone jack design
1	Excellent printer with good quality
1	small and easy to use
1	Great all-aluminum construction, compact size, fantastic image quality and great body design.
0	read review, there are just too many to list in this little spot.
0	You will need to know a little bit about photo manipulation software
1	Rugged design, good features, not too bulky, battery
1	very easy to use, portable, fast, Awesome!
0	uses alot of ink
0	print quality not a crisp black color
1	VERY inexpensive, excellent quality, Makes it easy for anyone to get into digital imaging
1	Small
0	Complicated to understand at times because of small size.
0	Toll customer service; compatibility issues.
1	price, print quality, ease of use
1	Price
1	Great display, good feature set, solid performance overall.
0	Should include USB connection
1	Sleek, nice downloads, attractive looking.  That's it.
0	Slightly bulky and uncomfortable design, only 2X optical zoom, no macro mode
0	Grinding lens mechanism, lens cap,  menu system a little cryptic
0	small memory, slow menu sometimes
0	not as sturdy or comfortable as the more cumbersome strollers
0	Antenna
0	Wrist strap is too large for camera. Soft pouch is tight. NONE YET
1	small, lightweight, cool
1	It is small and light.  Great at cutting off.
0	Dense menus and features, no analog TDMA signal, bad accessories design.
0	Who wants to do all that stuff? It's way to complicated.
0	carrier straps are too small
1	Good quality, resonable price, very easy to use.
1	tri-band, good speaker phone, great battery life, nice keys, pleasing sound, bright color screen
0	Antenna is LARGE. Wired headset is connected at the bottom of the phone.
1	Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
0	Slow operation of shutter trip
1	Easy to use, fun to use, and it uses the 3 1/2&amp;quot; diskettes
0	none
0	Large, but understandable due to &amp;#13;&amp;#10;12X18 prints
0	Ink guzzler falls apart after six months.  Large footprint, marginal paper handling skills.
0	handles are too short, not very robust
0	none
0	It is impossible to unhitch the five point harness. It sticks horribly.
1	good quality pictures, low price
0	Poor Speakerphone Quality, Somewhat More Complicated Phone, Music Files Can't Be Used As Phone Ringers.
1	Excellent size, good integration, stable
0	High print cost, not dependable
1	Price, reliability, support, ease of use and maintenance
0	Service quirks, phone glitch causes loss of voice to other side...
0	may be too small for some
0	you need bateries
0	Little on the loud side and shakes a little more than the printer I replaced.
0	battery life
1	Takes great pictures, comfortable to operate, and the functions are clear.
0	Frequent jams, spots and offset text occasionally
0	It's a brick, freezes regularly, screen on sunny days, serial connection
0	slow, noisy, low paper capacity, runs through toner quickly
1	it's an HP
1	Nice Pictures, Picture Modes, Self Timer, Great Battery Life
0	battery life is short.
1	Ring Tones, Compact, Acceptable Clarity, menu's are user friendly
1	Excellent performance in well-lit scenes, price, resolution, features, easy to use
1	Easy to use, Easy to Learn, Quality Photos
1	Small
0	Big footprint
0	Goes through batteries fast, dark display on LCD and optical viewfinder
0	Costly print cartridges
0	uses a lot of batteries, menu confusing at first
0	Noisy, clogs easily, very slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	great price, great quality for an entry level printer
0	Shoulder straps can be a little loose on a small baby.
0	... Just not on a mac.
0	I have found no problems with this phone
0	Size and weight. Not using standard headphone jack.
0	volume too low (for all Nokia phones)
1	6 ppm black, 5 ppm color - 1440 x 720 dpi - insanely inexpensive!
0	As of 2003, showing its age. No data or color abilities.
0	Slow
0	short lifetime
1	Style, Functionality, Quality, Voice Recognition Dialing
0	Battery consumption, inability for macro close-ups, tiny feature buttons
0	tendancy to be dropped
0	Cost
1	Outstanding photo printouts, speedy on photo prints, economical consumables
1	Cheap and easy to use.
0	Print quality is bad, copy quality is bad, colors don't work properly.
1	Great Resolution- Awesome Zoom-Led Screen -NIMH Rechargeable Batteries-4 Meg Internal Memory- 8 Meg Flash Card-Charger and great software
1	workhorse that doesn't give up
1	Fair price, picture viewer
1	Great printer, low price
0	None yet...
0	No flash, small memory, and variable picture quality
0	Slow
0	battery
1	far cheaper than lots of film and developing
1	Polaroid PDC640 is a great first digital camera.
1	value/results
1	Picture Quality, Ease of use, zoom.
1	Smooth running style
1	lightweight, good for travel
0	Doesn't have a zoom lens
0	sad picture quality, poor construction, weak flash, HORRIBLE LCD
1	Great picture...nice and compact
1	The BEST home printed photos I have seen!
0	Power button, voice recording errors...
0	battery time
1	Great Price, Amount of Features, Ease of Use
1	Good quality digital photos.  Built-in printer.
1	Better screen than the Razr. Better reception and audio quality as well.
0	No optical viewfinder.  A bit bulky. 
0	expensive for the moment (The netherlands)
1	Easy to use, but still takes great pictures.
0	Might be a little slow,getting ready to print. I only added this because it's required to put in something
0	Battery life and large size.
0	Awful ink consumption!, Awful ink consumption!, Awful ink consumption!
0	Ink cartridge don't hold much ink.
0	No optical zoom.
1	Good Cost. Basic Functional phone. Fulfills the need of a cell phone. Calendar function.
0	Prints look too light, no network adapter
1	Lightweight and compact
0	Maybe I got a lemon, but the paper handling is terrible!
1	overall quality
1	Setup was a snap. Very fast and quiet printing. Great photos. Save on ink cartridges
1	Flawless Fax reception, great color copies, and a decent printer.
1	fast, laser-like print quality, small and easy to use
1	Excellent workmanship,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;compact, decent results
1	&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Solidly built; many features; excellent photos; easy to hold.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;
0	No MP3 player, no WiFi, no expandable memory, camera, choppy MPEG4 video, mediocre talk time.
1	Faster than our old one
1	Compact size, easy to use, price, great software bundle.  Feels like you're James Bond.
1	Excellent service, good print quality
0	No notification that lens cap is still on 
1	battery life, reception, size, gprs data, screen, usb connection
0	Color Printing Is Not That Great
1	$7.99/month to keep it activated!
0	Eats a lot of batteries
0	Connects to the computer to download pictures.Does not use disks.
1	Easy to use, acceptable picture quality.
1	Good Price, Many features
1	Prints great quality papers
0	8 MB Card not enough.
0	VERY SLOW, Ties up the whole computer
0	none
0	Some buttons can get stuck, buttons little small, can't turn off animation
0	phone is a little hard to program
0	handsfree low volume, size must be smaller
0	Storage basket is flimsy.
0	Large Screen Size, Monochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
0	Cheap build quality.
0	Gets scratched very easily
1	Voice dial, stylish appearance, personalized ringtones
0	None that I have noticed
1	Great for travel.  Fast shutter release!  
0	Small, CF card too small, Some Plastic Parts, LCD washes out in bright light.
0	jam problems!
0	price of media, limit on picture size
0	internal antenna (can that be a con?)
1	Fast (in draft mode only)
1	Six Color Ink, New Sleek Design,  Borderless printing.  Works with OSX.
0	Expensive, bulky
1	Signal Strength LCD Size Style
1	Compact size and convenience, HP quality.
1	Great stroller, comfortable, will last
1	Easy Turning
1	easy to use both camera and software, good quality images, economical 
1	Size, tough case, bright lcd, goof first camera!
1	high-res, cheap, 6x zoom
0	small screen, no download capabilities, no polyphonic ringtone, no built-in (or attachable) camera
1	Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
0	Poor batteries included, No AC adapter included, slow start up.
0	does not hold a lot of paper
0	Flaky hardware, *extremely* sensitive to motion during picture taking, mediocre picture quality.
1	compact, long battery life, clear screen
1	Small, Super fast USB download, "Life of the party"
0	Key position, sluggish key input, Terrible speaker phone, Very short battery life. ECT...
1	Amazing print quality
1	Color screen; WAP; GSM; BlueTooth and IR
0	slow shutter speed, battery life
1	Easy to use, light, good quality of photos.  Capable memory. 
1	Comfortable feel, Stylish design, World Phone, Awesome ringtones
1	Excellent quality photos, convenient mini-cdrw storage, equipped with useful options, highly recommended!!!
0	Slow focus, poor focus doesn't match resolution, lens hood in the way.
1	Great image quality
1	Many features, flexible use, good pictures
0	None yet!
0	None
0	no zoom
1	Great price, easy to use
0	Bad reception ,bad clarity
1	Price and functions
1	Awesome Color Screen, very light; good show-off phone
0	Color Cartridge drains quickly
1	Sleek, solid build, beaucoups functionality.
0	Ugly and slow.
0	Poor prints, Paper Jams up the wazoo, another Lexmark Loser
1	lightweight, assembly, back support
1	Separate ink cartridges, fast
1	lightweight, versatile, attractive, slim, tons of features
1	The price was good for a entry level digital camera.
1	Rich color display.
0	Black OR color printing
0	Low battery life with standard batteries.
0	Finger-hurting keypad and buttons; Sluggish feedback from the UI; The backlit brightness fluctuates
1	lightweight, maneuverability
0	a little pricey
0	none
0	too small, fragile
0	Expensive and still quite cumbersome
1	Great pictures, easy to use, good price
0	Paper feeding disaster
1	Reception! Reception! Reception! Simple interface. Large antenna. Inexpensive.
1	read below
0	Limited Battery and technical/manufacturing problems with first phone I received
1	back loading, easy to use, ink meter 
0	I just wish it had a larger optical zoom and maybe a viewfinder.
0	no problems
0	I had two problems with this one antenna broke off and keypad stopped working, possibly cheaply made
1	EXCELLENT RECEPTION,EASY TO HEAR INCOMING CALLS,EASY TO PROGRAM,INTERNET READY
1	GSM Quad band, PC Sync, Bluetooth, EDGE, signal-voice quality.
1	Compact, zoom lens, quality pictures
1	See pics before you save/print/email
1	great quality, nice printing abilities
1	Great basic phone
1	Easy to carry, lightweight, great pics, awesome features for such a small camera
1	 Space saving printer.Inexpensive.
1	Small, extremely versatile, easy to use.
1	vivid colors some what clear pictures.
1	Price, Ease of Use, Great Software package, factory support
0	Some common functions hard to access
1	Built to last, great reception
0	Holds only small quantity of paper in feeder
0	It can be a bit quirky, Mine malfunctioned.
0	exposure metering iffy, compact flash card too small
1	Great printer
0	Lens cap design, software bundle
0	no optical zoom, small buttons
1	excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
0	no USB
1	Beautiful color and vivid detail
1	Package deals make it more affordable.
0	You get what you pay for.  It's not an HP.  Ink is expensive. 
0	Toner is a bit expensive
1	Looks spiffy, clean lines, small, lightweight.
1	Easy to install &amp; use. Low $$ good output
1	Massive storage capability.  Good battery life.  Multiple burst image is a nice feature
1	The Sound quality is bar none. &#13;&#10;The voice dial feature is great!
0	Non-scratch resistant display, antenna is too BIG (out of place), flip is not sturdy.
1	Small, sexy phone. Great reception and sound quality.
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	Horrible, horrible autofocus. Majority of images are blurry.
1	Prints excellent photo quality, compact, easy use and maintenance, USB
0	low number of pages printed per minute
1	GSM; GPRS; Voice-activated dialing; Appearance; WAP; World phone (Trimode; PIM
1	small, good looking, does many things 4X zoom Camera.
1	Small, Portable, rechargeable, stylish
1	Bright, clear screen.  Simple and quick access to features.
1	Inexpensive, good quality text, easy to use
1	Size and easy access to numbers unlike smaller phones.  Not a flip-up phone
1	absolute top quality photos
0	Buttons are too small.
1	basically none
0	Poor white balance. LCD blanks out with manual settings. 
0	Where's the clock
1	Beautiful color display, many ringtones, very customizable
1	Amazing image quality, Movies w/sound, Small - Easy to carry, Easy to use
0	complex Menu, long Antenna, nasty back light colors, no charge/sync cradle in box.
0	i cant think of any
1	Fast, easy, solid. Very inexpensive toner.
0	Very noisy!  Design is bigger and clunkier!
0	Price, difficulty hearing, heats up, games, basic features
1	Battery life, Picture quality
0	Poly Ringtone Volume, Difficult Menus
0	Connection to computer, stability, flash
1	Inexpensive, easy to install and use
0	None that I can think of anyway
1	It was pretty good while it worked.
0	Not many service providers offer this phone.
0	Limited Features
1	An all around good camera...easy to use
0	Loud, Accessories expensive, slow, color  cracks when folded
1	high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
0	No outside display; have to open to see who is calling
1	Excellent photos, auto mode works great, and has manual override
0	Never seems to work like it should
1	Easy assembly, great ride, &amp; affordable.
1	Lightweight, easy to use, one handed steering
1	Great features and specifications for price.
1	Compact size, Excellent Picture Quality, Great Features
0	Not one!
1	Compact, light, good quality, great flash!
1	Excellent reception, vivid color screens, solid feel in your hand,and a quality low-res camera.
0	awkward size, slow printing, poor paper handling
1	Overall, excellent photos, battery life, internet updates, features
1	Good amount of features, good battery life
1	STYLISH! Sleek hi-tech appearance, compact, light, long battery, durable, feature full.
1	everything but design and lack of games
0	Batteries exhuasted easy when downloading, some outdoor picture taking not great
1	very small, cool toy
1	Exceptional RF Performance; Good Incoming Audio Quality; Packed with practical features; Advanced UI
1	PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
1	Combines Palm and cell phone devices well.  Easy to use, comes with two batteries
0	battery life is VERY short!  Very short!
0	None yet (I'll update if I find some)
1	Lightweight
0	jams with multiple envelopes
1	Affordable
1	Cheap.
1	style,not overloaded with useless features
0	The only thing negative I can say is that the games are horribly silly.
0	Batteries run out very quickly
0	Big. Very basic software package. Wide range of prices.
0	can't find one at this time
1	easy to setup, large paper bin, fast printing, PS level 2, USB
0	missing good PIM features.
1	High Resolution at a low cost, small, user-friendly
0	small screen for mobile web
1	easy to use. no film or cards needed. 
0	Delay time is a bummer...no action shots with this one.
0	Battery life
0	technology and media all proprietary, expensive
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Unable to synchronize with palm devices, doesn't work well on ships and boats, style
0	No TV hookups! No Rechargeable Batteries included!
0	Printer takes a little longer to print out color projects
1	Fast, Good Black Quality
1	for Look, Feel, and Functionality .. the best overall value in its price class.
0	battery after a LONG while
1	Battery life, build quality, small size
1	Flexability, HP reliability
0	No zoom, low megapixels
1	Great quality of print
0	digital camera pictures kinda disapointing
1	Small, light, sturdy, relatively inexpensive for a digi-cam.
1	Good look, seperate ink cartridges, fast scanning
1	Doesn't misfeed 
0	None
0	NONE
0	Flash too bright, not great for indoor photos.
1	Good Print quality, fast
1	Great reception outdoors, GPS E911 Ready, Voice dialing, large, easily recognized buttons.
1	Compatability, ease of use, batery life, signal strength, looks
0	Software a little buggy, slow response, slippery plastic body
1	Easy to use, good picture quality.
1	lot's of fancy features (that most people don't need)
1	Stylish, Compact, Loaded with many features.
1	Quick and dirty, good number of features for the $$.
1	Very small, lightweight, great ringer tones, good phonebook features
1	Good basic phone, all the expected features, plus GPS ability
1	Lots of cup holders, lightweight, one handed folding
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
0	Hard to hear ringer.  Cant hear person on the other line.
1	Good battery life, loud ringtones and vibrating alert.
1	good size, voice dialing, strong signal, vibrates, Huge phonebook.
0	Low image resolution, eats batteries
1	Speed, versatility, networking
0	No Digita OS, ships with little memory, no time-lapse timer.
0	Large, mediocre viewfinder
0	none
1	Great photos, good price for quality of pictures, good features
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
1	battery life, look (sleek), small
1	Massive Screen, Great Functionality, Bluetooth, Image Quality
0	No Battery Charger
0	The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
1	Wow! Wow! Wow! Outstanding control and quality!
0	Doesn't like envelopes and wish it had greater paper tray capacity.
1	Picture Quality, Excellent Lens, Excellent Documentation
1	Great resolution, super macro feature, Easy to use
0	None!
1	quality
1	Lite and easy to carry. Handy to have along
1	Very small
1	Loads of features; easy enough for point-and-shoot use; customizable My Modes and shortcuts; bright LCD.
1	amazing features, tough and durable
0	Controls sensitive, non-intuitive interface, rechargable batteries a must., needs additional memory card.
0	None, although keypad may be a little trickey for large fingered idiviuals.
0	Top quality = top price
1	TV cable, big LCD, 
1	Good size, cheap price, nice interface
1	Easy to Collapse, Looks Great, Smooth Ride &amp; Cupholders too!
1	Collapses really easily
1	size, executive features, great reception ? world traveler.
1	Small, Lightweight, easy to use with a headset,and Internet Browser.
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	lightweight, has a canopy, good support in seat and backrest, easy to maneuver
0	Didn't come with a printer cable.
0	just alittle pricey but worth it!
0	No pretty daisy covers that I have found.
0	Printer may shake desktop.  Black text rendition poor.  See opinion for work-around.
0	100% unreliable.
0	Buttons can be hard to figure out.
0	Expensive ink and may not be as fast as the more expensive hp printers
0	None to date
1	Good price for 2.3 Megapixels, easy to use, excellent WinXP compatibility.
1	Good print quality
1	- buttons
0	Minor software glitches
0	SIM cover comes off easily. Phone randomly "crashes."
1	Incredible Battery life and excellent reception
0	Battery life could be improved
1	Its small, versatile, and affordable.
0	none to speak of
0	expensive ink tanks
1	Clear display, loud and clear sound, intuitive menus
0	No speakerphone for calls or voicemail.  Speaker for Direct Connect not as good as others.
1	this is a very user friendly camera.
0	Rather slow, The multipass server software is horrible!
1	Small size, good battery life, takes video clips
0	Low picture resolution, no speaker phone, ringtones need to be louder on high
0	may have slight problems interfacing with windows ME
0	Minor Software Glitch, Potentially Confusing Menu
1	Great size and pictures, intuitive interface and software
0	COLORs- short shell life
1	Small, VERY durable, Great pictures, Lots of manual overrides
0	No Flash, Poor Low Light Quality
1	Camera, trendy-cool features, solid reception, small form factor
1	bright LCD, fast startup, TIFF format, burst mode
1	Not too expensive.  Pretty good close ups.  Built VERY sturdy.
0	Flash relatively useless,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow focusing,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1.5 megapixel outdated.
0	slightly heavier than expected. Instruction manual is long winded.
0	only available with Sprint PCS, no voice memo
0	Short battery life when downloading
1	Cheap, Lots of Features
1	Nice and small
0	small basket
1	inexpensive, good quality for the price you pay.
0	Grainy pictures, expensive for its quality
0	Still a TAD bulky, Application instabilities, only acceptable battery life, Pricey, Palm-based
1	I have a phone when I need one; does its job
1	Easy to use and quality pictures
1	Easy to use; good photos for the price.
0	very poor reliability, horrible customer service, unreliable autofocus, high price
1	Excellent merging of 2 technologies into one cool product.
0	No image stabilization, shutter/AF lag, 
0	Large Screen Size, Monochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
0	No speakerphone, Not able to have ring tones for each party.
0	Everything else, poor resolution and focusing.
0	goes thru the ink!
1	Great software, impressive images, cheap
0	bulky, quirky performance
0	Stuck on ISO 100! Can't take pictures indoors without flash or tripod
0	Terrible manual, side buttons too easy to accidentally press, limited ringing volumes
0	Speaker phone, Not User Friendly, Service coverage, 2 year contract.
0	2 Printhead repairs in 1year - Nozzle Cleaning drained all cartridges in 5min
0	Optimal settings not listed in manual., Doesn't work with 3'rd party RIPs., , 
0	Troublesome photo tray; slow card reader
1	Came free with my computer, works OK
1	Great picture quality and ease of use.
1	Smart, loaded with features, superb user interface, compact and light.
0	OS beyond terrible, its designers should be forced to empty a pool with a sieve.
1	Easy to use
0	Ink Cartidges are expensive
0	Falls apart
1	Superb picture quality, ease of operation
1	Really cool features, voice dialing, better games, customize-able menus
1	Print Quality, Speed, Ease of Use, Great Driver Software
0	Costly to maintain
0	drains batteries quickly, limited alternate power supplies
1	Highly recommended
0	Low light resolution, menu dial a bit hairy, memory
0	Size
1	Great  photo output, quiet, low cost ink.
1	Inexpensive, Works as Camera, Video Camera and Web Camera.  Very Easy To Use
0	Expensive, no voice-dial
0	quality and customer service
1	clear crisp pictures, easy to transfer, rugged, view finder.
0	No reception anywhere. locks up, have to remove battery to unlock.
0	No optical zoom, no macro, poor battery life, camera's flash broke after a month, glitchy.
0	Nothing so far.
0	Size.  No games, calculater, etc.
1	Size, Battery life, PC Connectivity, Pic Quality.
0	No zoom
1	Size, Performance, and Quality of print
1	4 megapixels, point and shoot capacity, great images, pro/advanced features, easy to use
0	Not many games&#13;&#10;No alarm function (not that important)
1	sturdy, handles very well, easy to fold up, fully reclinable, stylish.
1	small, clear sound
0	Loud Speakerphone, No normal ringtones, Folder tone
0	No Macintosh connection.
0	Phone book interface a little hard to get used to
1	Print, scan, and copy all in one machine. Easy to use like a pro.
1	Beautiful, affordable photo prints
1	Highly Reliable Printer With Few Maintenance Issues
0	slow picture taking, slow write time
0	None
1	small, stylish, easy to use. Camera. Assignable ring tones
0	6 hours to charge the batteries!
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
0	Cost
1	Strong case, Flash, Easy to use, good software
1	Excellent Print Quality.
1	very compact, and lightweight!
1	Great value in an all-in-one machine
0	print cost, quality, quietness.
1	Price, looks, good quality
0	menus difficult to navigate, screen
1	Light in weight, large screen
1	Compact Size, Metal Body. 3X Optical Zoom, CF Memory.
1	Excellent ease of use, visible, tactile keypad, simple menu structure
1	Easy to use, good quality pics, viewscreen at the back.
0	Lense Limits and Blurring effect inside
1	Good, made by Lexmark....
1	I got to spend more time with my parents when  it made me poor
0	Can be pushed by child sitting in back
1	Sturdy, Effective, Reasonable Display
0	Takes a while to learn all the features well.
1	Price and quality
0	battery life, flash too strong with artificial lights, long time between shots.
1	Excellent photo quality, many nice features, easy to use
1	Big display,GSM, SIM card,cool skins,outlook sync
1	Tough and well designed, it folds up so small
1	Joystick makes going through menus a blast.  Has meny PDA features.
1	Simple file storage, Excellent digital performance
1	Small, 2.1 MP, Movie-mode, Decent Zoom
0	No Viewing screen on the camera
0	Really just too many to list:  The worst software, crappy phone, horrid battery life
0	Small &amp; Lightweight (Don't Lose It!), A bit Fragile
1	Great Battery
0	Not reliable
1	LCD screen
0	A little bulky, no aperture priority or shutter priority exposure modes
1	aesthetically pleasing, voice-activated, side scroll buttons are easy to use
1	Cheap, Light
0	Speakerphone doesn't work that well, neither does voice dialing.
1	quik digital pictures
0	none
0	poor battery life, prone to redeye when using flash
1	Tiny "take anywhere" convenience&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Beautiful photos
0	Poor quality indoors or in low light--Flash doesn't help much
1	Perfect mobile for young people
0	bad consumption of power, get the power supply kit
1	voice command, speakerphone, customized home page
1	It is very comfortable and easy to use and setup.
1	high quality photo prints, separate ink cartridges
1	Small size, decent output
1	Camera is very easy to learn and use.
1	Excellent quality and it's fun to watch the paper fly out after printing
0	bad optical view finder, no rechargeable batteries
0	Have to use Hewlett Packard supplies
1	image quality, ease of use
0	phone to battery attachment not secure
1	Feature packed, jog dial is very handy, excellent big and color LCD display
1	Size, metal case, Canon quality
1	Scanning, Printing, faxing, copying
0	No 2 way text messaging.
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
1	Great optics, wonderful images, small, nice design, built well, enough features to be flexible. 
1	Works Everywhere, No Roaming Charges, Internet Access starting 01/2000
1	Display, functionality, reception...the list goes on...
1	Fast, great color, super software interface!
1	affordable, 
1	Good for printing documents up to 30 pages
0	At this price, none  , 
1	Ease of use, quality
0	Slow printing on higher-quality settings, expensive ink
0	A rechargeable battery would have been more appropriate
1	Size, clarity, display, shows time when closed
1	Size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Rebate on add'l memory card.
1	Dirt Cheap, simple drivers, compact unit
0	Must swap cartridge for true blacks
1	nice features; easy to use
0	Not PCS vision capable. Lacks full color display.
1	small size
0	Hassle, hassle, Hassle
0	basket storage limited
0	Short Battery Life, Expensive
1	Styling, compact size
1	Very light, excellent macro,excellent portrait with scenery background, easy to use
1	print quality, ease of use
1	Affordable, high quality pictures, easy to use.
0	could have more mega pixles
1	Price/Performance, typical HP quality
1	Battery life, Bright Screen, Lightweight
0	noisy, uses ink fast, unable to find ink replacements; etc...
0	none i can think of.
1	Very good print quality - WHEN IT WORKS!
1	Immediate pictures
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
0	That "do not touch" rule when lens is extending or contracting.
0	Bad manual, doesn't fit my ear!
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	poor Motorola menu structure, awful battery life, buggy software
1	Quality VS Price = Awesome
0	extra cartridges are a little spendy
0	Horrible customer service
0	not discounted much -- shop around!
0	More than required Size,, Serial port Interface,, No Battery charger
1	Neat color screen, ring tones and wallpaper. Plus the service is great.
0	none known
1	did not have to wake a sleeping baby!!
0	Paper doesn't readily flow through and the ink clogs up at times.
0	numeric keys are a little TOO small
1	Small, light, trendy, many buttons, text prediction, many faceplates, infared
0	Haven't found any yet
0	No USB, uses 2CR5 batteries
0	TERRIBLE battery life
0	photo graininess!, LED screen drains batteries too fast!
0	Cost, flash, lens cover
0	Listed in the review.
1	Toughness, navigation ease
0	Dated, 2-line display, not great with US networks, no "fun" extras
0	poor battery life
0	The ink cartridge is expensive.
0	Noisy
1	Small, lightweight, lots of features, generally user friendly.
0	Shorter battery life?
1	Small, compact, easy to carry, and a nice looking phone.
1	Size and features
1	Everything
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	picture quality, LCD screen, easy to use, compact card flash
1	Stylish design, built-in micro browser.
0	The picture quality isn't always as great as expected or as nondigital.  
0	can't think of any.
1	Great name brand camera for a good price
1	Size, clarity of voices from speakerphone, crisp color screen.
0	Pricy for a mass-produced item; Lack of self timer for MPEGs; Location of Zoom switch
0	none thus far
0	pictures are too small to share with anyone offline;if you take it on vacation, you have to have access to a computer or limit yourself to 96 pictures for the trip;
0	Not good for very low light levels
0	Sub-par quality photos, small, easy-to-scratch finish
1	Looks neat.
1	Small footprint, easy set up.
1	Print Quality, USB, Speed, Price 
1	Long, Long and I really mean long battery life, small, good reception.
1	GPS, ease of use, cost, loud enough!
0	Difficult to pick up signal, sound at receiving end is "electronic"
1	Super (the best) macro on the market.
0	Frustratingly short battery life, minor Sonyeric functionality limitations, smallish memory and camera, no EDGE
0	Address Book Lookup is Screwy, Phone Heats up in Analog, Battery Life, Ring Tones
1	Fantastic quality pictures
0	only average image quality
1	Photo quality, rarely jams, top of the line printer
1	Long standby and talk time. Bluetooth capable.
1	Size, Durable, Ease of use
0	Slow writing time
0	have not found one yet
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	Print speed, quality, upgradability, price, reliability, quite small, easy to print on envelopes/small paper
1	Ummmm...Errrrrr...
1	great picture quality; read/write to smart media; easy; good lens cover.
0	Battery life, weight, clunky shape.
0	A little slow, cant save faxes to memory.
0	None worth mentioning
1	Small camera, lightweight,excellent pictures.
1	dependable, stylish, small
1	very handy, cheaper than using film. The delete option!!
1	Great price, high quality
0	Instructions are sometimes vague.
1	excellent photographic quality, easy to set-up and install, great all round printer
1	all in one, great space saver...
1	Easy to open and close, Basket comes off
0	Voice Recognition not so good with background noise
0	flimsy flip top, uncomfortable against the ear, elaborate programming methods are confusing
1	Lightweight, Voice activated, Small, Long Battery life
1	Very User Friendly, Lightweight, yet durable &amp;amp; excellent picture quality.
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
0	menus and price...
0	None so far except it's kinda ugly
1	Great Sound Quality; Tons of Features; Compact; Easy to Use; Reliable
0	film does not advance
0	Can't frame pictures through the LCD screen, only two aperture settings, only 3x zoom
0	Flashlight is somewhat uncontrolled
0	none
0	none
1	good value....nice feel....versatile
1	blackest blacks - deepest true colors, non smearing/fading ink, does not clog or dry up, fast printer, outstanding image quality
1	Great LCD screen, rugged, customizable
1	- 3.3 megapixels resolution, Excellent image quality, Accurate auto-light adjustment.
1	Great bang for the buck and lightweight.
1	Internal antenna, voice dialing, price, custom faceplates, durability, readily available accessories at local stores.
0	poor color printing, eats up ink
1	Could be a nice for those new to cellular phones, good selection of features.
1	Easy to set up and use, Great Quality, Nice Speed.
0	so-so linux support
1	Outstanding bang for the buck, cheap, quick and great output.
0	Inadequate software
1	Size, portability, hi-rez, MPeg options, USB, Li-Ion battery
0	poor low light quality
0	hard to navigate menus
1	Easy to use, moderately priced, zoom feature, preview window, and delete function.
0	Still haven't found any
0	Can't flip open with one hand. Scroll key scratches display when closed.
0	Poor quality pics, nearly no print capabilites, cheap look, I can go on and on.
0	slow speed, pricey, problem with focusing on close objects, need for extra memory
1	Amazing Features, Great Battery, Voice recorder, great sounding easy to use phone!
0	antenna doesn't extend/retract
1	All in one device, 2 batteries, color screen, good browser, Palm software.
1	Nice feel in my hands and very durable.
1	lightweight, easy to carry and fold
0	overexposed pics
1	New Super CCD Technology
0	sensitive to motion in low light
1	Sharp Detailed Photos
0	The most important thing-reception-is poor
1	Price
0	may be too small
1	So many features, huge colorful screen
1	Ease of Use, Crisp Pictures
1	Small size, decent quality pictures, AC adapter included
1	Good resolution and software, 3:1 optical zoom
1	Protected keys/screen w/flip, lots of features, very light and compact
1	Price has come down, affordable home/small business all-in-one machine.
0	cannot hear person you are speaking to, slow internet browser, camera takes poor pictures
1	Small, functional, wireless web option, decent battery life with included battery
0	the start up lag is a little excessive
0	my 4th canon in 3 years
1	Extremely compact, feature packed, intuitive design, tough as nails&#9;
1	Price &amp;amp; ease of use
0	cheap
1	Great Quality &amp;amp; Awesome Price
1	Large display, large buttons, reception, frugal battery usage, full featured, durable case
0	Ink is expensive
1	Small/light weight.  , Easy transfer.  , Battery charger saves a bundle!
1	Color screen is nice, menus easy to navigate.
0	So-so software, low resolution
0	Very few.  Software bundle, battery life.
0	Takes terrible quality pictures
1	Takes high quality pictures. Great Black &amp; Whites and Sepia Tone pictures too!
1	A perfect product , the 10X optical Zoon ,in total is high quality product.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	short battery life, unadjustable shutter speed
0	Smudging on page after not having printed for a while.
0	Video is too small and not the same quality as the still shots.
0	reception is hard to come by
1	Light weight and eaSy to use.
0	A bit noisy before printing
1	Solidly built, smooth ride, folds nicely
1	great camera, great price,  great features
0	Not easy for an amateur to use.
0	Noone really knows anything about it.
0	Ink cartridges can run out quicker than others
1	lots of features, cheap, great accesories, easy to use
1	cheap and small, color faxing
0	waste of money
0	battery life when text messages & talking, antenna & signal strength.
0	not a thing
0	Uninspiring design, rather short navigation nub, 256 colors isn't enough
0	na
0	poor low light conditions, adequate speed
1	battery life, features, durable
1	lightweight, easily portable, large number of ringtones
1	High Quality at a Reasonable Price
0	short battery life
1	A basic cell phone, inexpensive with very good reception and a large number memory.
0	Very hard to "hold" with your shoulder while... cough... driving.
1	Fast, sharp, reliable.
0	"OK" and "Send" buttons are too close together, minor bug with alerts system
1	small and easy to use
1	Slim, good display, full featured to the max
1	Batter life, ease of use
1	Nice features
0	none
0	No built-in USB connection, Zoom lens has a mind of its own, Flimsy CF slot cover
0	No Optical Viewfinder, "chintzy" 4 megabyte included Memory Stick
1	Easy to use, floppy disks are inexpensive, great all around camera.
0	Breaks
0	LCD screen use drains batteries fast
1	cheap, Adobe PhotoDeluxe included
1	Great Quality and Fair Price
0	n/a
1	Reception, battery life, menus
1	styling, print resolution, beautiful photo color, price, paper handling
1	Easy to use, economical!
0	Buttons on the side hit accidentally make loud noise if sound is on.
1	Super output quality, simple installation at a remarkable price
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
1	Quality, Size, Image quality, Lens, Software
1	Menus are very well designed, speakerphone, great color screen, small, durable.
0	Some paper jams. 
1	Excellent photo quality on glossy photo paper, seperate ink color cartridges
0	power button, head-phone jack, no mp3 player?
1	Metal housing, triband
0	Everything Else
1	easy to learn how to use, ability to preview photos.
1	thin, awesome sound quality,low price, perfect!
0	none
1	Very easy to set up and use, especially for a novice. Excellent value. 
0	Complex.  Could be simplified.&#13;&#10;Would have paid more for some amenities.
0	Paper Jams
0	Poor manual controls unsuitable for pros
1	High Quality, speed, controllability
1	price
1	Looks nice, fun toy for kids, holds infant carseat
1	Good quality prints, reasonably priced
0	no zoom lens it is a must
0	Drains batteries, no auto shutoff, lens not protected, NO MAC Support EVER !
0	Numbers don't light up
0	4-way Navigation Button &amp; Proprietary Battery
1	Great Quality Pictures for the price, Small and Compact, low price
1	Easy to Use
1	Very good resolution quality
0	A few rare minor problems. Heads dry too often.
0	expensive
0	poor range between towers, poor battery life, poor call quality,
0	A little thicker than the older 2035 model
0	Only 2 images sizes 1600X1200 and 640X480.&amp;#9;&amp;#9;&amp;#9;
1	Good for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software, 
0	Not durable, unintuitive interface, cannot adjust ring volume with phone closed
1	Excellent  quality prints.  Easy operation. Price is right.
1	loaded with functions, voice ringer and battery life
0	Low Resolution Photo; Keypad Layout; No built-in Games
1	TDMA+GSM, Long Battery Life, Very Clear, Doubles as a PDA
1	The appearance is it's greatest asset. Reception and clarity are also good.
1	Small, Looks cool,
0	It squeaks a little after 1 year of walking 1 mile with it almost everyday
0	Exposure
0	2.1 MegaPixel, Cost, lack of optional parts.
1	Practical controls, Excellent output.
1	Great functionality, they didn't cut corners on this one!
0	pricey, cartridges expensive
0	None!
1	Uses SLR lenses, fantastic resolution, familiar controls, no shutter delay!
1	Inexpensive
0	nothing
1	a very handy piece
1	Everything about it
0	Can't hold the camera sideways when shooting movies, No zoom in MPEG mode
1	This is the coolest looking phone!
0	Slow to pull up pictures that have already been taken
0	It does not come with a case or a flash
1	Print job and Ink level monitor
0	none
0	separate cartridges for color/black, cartridges dry up quickly if not used daily.
1	None
1	Inexpensive, 2 ink cartridges, easy to use...
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	It is cool, speakerphone, options, size, bluetooth, sound
0	Too many menus, Button to view last shot taken
0	No sound w/video, instruction book intimidating, zoom and focus slow
1	Excellent print quality, faxing and scanning.
0	Zoom is not that great
0	Cheap
0	Ink price
1	Light, compact, and easy to use
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
0	Unsure about charges on internet connect & downloads, but that is all Sprint phones.
0	Not a long battery life.
0	noisy, slow
1	Movie mode
0	Because it provides so much, it's not for the casual cell phone user.
1	Easy to use,great features,clear pictures,excellent price,plenty of storage.
1	Light, very portable.
0	Absolutely none
0	Functionality, Battery Life, Construction, Software, Lack of Features, Poor Antenna, Extremely thick
0	Battery life 
0	Car seat awkward to carry
1	Picture quality, features and price
1	interchangeable faces to match decor
0	It is a bit pricey and somewhat too signal "happy".
1	Small, full-featured, great image quality, great price
0	Hard to store and travel with, not very comfortable for toddlers
1	Price/performance ratio, strong rechargeable battery, optional lenses/filters
0	Battery Life.  Did I mention Battery Life?  And Oh yeah, Battery Life.
0	some what heavy.
1	pretty packaging
0	older, size
1	Easy to use, small
1	Simplicity in operation, cost, and print quality
1	smooth, fast, compact, large paper tray
0	none so far
0	trouble feeding paper
0	Lousy print feed causes margins to skew!
0	Bad prints, expensive ink, sloppy printing.
0	Expensive toner cartridge, doesn't handle cardstock, not good with graphics.
0	LCD problems, flimsy
0	Proprietary AC adapter &#13;&#10;Can't download ringtones.&#13;&#10;no pc synch for address book.&#13;&#10;
1	Excellent sound quality, solid build, sleek styling
1	easy to operate and affordable
1	Great price, wide format printing
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	Small, light weight, good signal and sound quality, and cheap.
0	can be slow to print, setup may take over an hour to install and register software
0	few games preloaded, no real power save mode/power consumption
1	inexpensive, easy to use, compact.
1	affordable ink, affordable printer, long-lasting, no paper jams, easy to install
0	Web feature not usable at this point&#13;&#10;keypad not protected = calls from pocket&#13;&#10;
1	256 Colors screen, Triband, GPRS, WAP, Bluetooth, Infrared connectivity, MMS, SMS
0	does not save half-written messages; alarm does not have snooze feature;inefficient Phone-to-SIM copy feature;
0	Not quite as sharp
0	Quality Control Issues
0	durability, quality
1	2 important modes- manual &amp; automatic
1	cheap, good resolution
0	Have yet to find a Con
1	It makes a handy punching bag!
0	Bigger and heavier than other digital cameras.
0	No stabilization, Eats batteries, Small included card, No focus assist
1	Tri-mode, normal rings
1	Small size, great looks, quality pictures, zoom lens, movies, great features!
1	brilliant pictures - close up shots are crisp, clear. cute as hell
0	no lens cap
1	Small. Camera is easy to use.  Bluetooth included. Color screen.
1	It was free with my Gateway computer.
0	HP Scanning Software
0	read below
1	Compact, economical, well-rounded
1	reclines folds easily lightweight sturdy comfortable BEATS THE VOLO!
0	Not good to look at
1	Carl Zeiss Lens, Hologram AE, Accessories
1	Can be used with Windows and Macintosh, sleek design
0	none!
1	Made by Xerox...an American based 
0	Came with 8mb card, no rechargeable batteries, auto ISO in dark situations not good.
0	Not easy to use at times, annoying ringtones, Silent-mode feature problems, battery dies quickly
1	Light, Long Battery Life, Bells and Whistles
1	Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
1	compatible
0	everything
0	none
1	Very small for its performance, and durability. Very accurate and sharp pictures.
0	Web Browser errors that lock up the phone
0	photos slightly dark indoors-still great
0	Slow shutter reaction.  Serial port image transfer. No shutter speed control.
1	small, lightweight, easy to use, XPress-on color covers
0	No built in MP3 support.
1	Very user friendly for a first time dig-cam user.
0	None that I can think of
0	Lousy service.
1	Good clarity, solid construction, great features, decent size
0	Camera is wimpy, side keys get pressed accidentally
0	odd, boxy shape that isn't all that ergonomic. takes awhile for pictures to load into the camera's memory after taking them. cruddy battery life.  get NIMH rechargeables with a fast recharger (nimhbattery.com) and always carry a spare set if you buy this c
0	Only comes with a 16MB card
1	Stunning quality, always ready to shoot, many adjustments, infrared focus
0	None.
0	Humm, none come to mind.
0	Funky overly-long process before it starts to print EATS EXPENSIVE INK FAST!
0	Hesitates when taking a photo, zoom in takes out detail.
1	Excellent Ease of Use, Compact Flash, Great Picture Quality
1	Good quality
0	It doesnt work
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
0	smaller buttons
0	ring tones, not highly atractive. &#13;&#10;
0	Not a one
0	Pics take up a lot of memory
0	Horrible company, horrible network.
1	Nice features, excellent readability.
1	FREE!, fantastic reception, great battery, color screen, polyphonic ringtones, Java games
0	Bit noisy. Beware: you only get photo quality prints on photo quality paper.
0	tech staff and printing
0	Cost of cartridges, could be quieter......
0	Graphics, replacement toner cartridge cost
0	Need to buy cable, ink doesn't dry fast enough sometimes
1	Extremely thin and light, durable, great sound quality, good reception quality, amazing LCD.
0	a little pricey, but worth it
0	Manual inadequate.
1	Quality Images, Lots of Features, 
1	1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
0	no zoom
1	large screen, optimal SMS client, standard-compliant web browser, rugged casing
1	GREAT photo quality, fast printing, quiet
1	Excellent quality, low-maintenance, large cartridges, quick print speed, low price 
1	Easy to use, good value, 
0	low quality, battery life, low # of pics in memory
1	4 separate ink cartridges means value
0	Cost, red eye flash problem
0	A few upgrades necessary to get maximum performance
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, compatible with infant car seat
1	great sound quality, quality camera, customization
1	Excellent color reproduction.  The ink stays brilliant.  No fading.
1	Cuteness factor-cute multicolored bouncing lights on the front, tip calculator, loud enough
0	My children don't like to stand when the front seat is reclined
0	battery hog, flash too bright, it's a given you'll have to buy xtras
0	Hidden costs
1	Sturdy, speakerphone
1	Blue lighting, good graphics when visible
1	thin, sexy, excellent service
0	Eats up batteries REAL fast
0	Charger doesn't work in Europe, polished black upper part gets smudged easily, difficult to open
0	Noisy drawn out start up.
1	good quality, quick printing for IJ
0	No manual controls, no AF illumination beam, the full users Manual is on CD , 
0	USB, Power Consumption
1	light, compact, bright display, cheap
1	Photo Quality Prints
0	The stubby antenna.
0	EATS batteries.
1	Great reception, small, well made. Good internet options.
1	Quality print, separate cartridges and a decent price.
1	Cheap; High Quality; Printer Software Included
0	Very small, for small hands
1	Very lightweight, easy-to-see-in-the-dark blue backlight, features pretty decent, easy 'pocket' phone
1	Excellent design, easy to use, great picture quality
1	3.5 floppy, easy to use
0	A bit pricy, you pay for what you get
1	looks great, small
1	compact size and  good resolution 
0	needs new ink carts every so often as do all printers
1	none
0	slow uploading unless you have a card reader
1	bright screen, nice features
1	Cheap
1	Inexpensive, easy set-up and use, prints color and black and white easily, not too big.
1	compact, stylish, easy to use
0	Battery Life (Or Battery Death in this case), No Audio MPEG
1	It's the right size. It's simple. It's reasonably priced.
0	Brutal Menu System
0	you must learn how to use it
0	Viewfinder not &amp;quot;true&amp;quot;, heavy LCD reliance.
0	none!
0	Washed-out printouts, slow**
0	none, really
0	battery
1	GREAT PRICE, GREAT DPI, FAST, GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE
1	easy acess to important work getting done
1	Great PDA/phone combination, easy to cary around
0	Cannon software not that great. Needs ink indicator as part of program. 
0	a little big, have to buy two batteries
0	Perhaps a little bit bit but it is the compromise with the Palm !
0	non downloadable tones and no Internet
0	How to get it fixed. I'd still like to know.
1	nice quality, good price
1	Nice lines, color screen, camera attachment, cool ringers, infrared port
0	Size, Size, Size - and the Flash
0	Sometimes joystick can be a hassle, internal antenna, poor GSM reception all over!
0	Abyssmal battery life.  Tiny LCD screen, flash takes time to charge
0	grainy photos
1	Digital photo Lab, Here I come! Lab-quality prints, great color, ink level monitor in software
1	easy to use, great output
1	The Stylus C80 prints very fast colors do not run together the prints dry quickly
0	Hot Sync an pain in the butt.
0	No USB support.  Short battery life.
1	The floppy disk, the ease of use, chicks love it.
0	No color screen, poor, games, not a new "camera phone"...who needs those anyway?
0	screen a bit dark, voice dial not accurate, bat life..
1	cheap, floppy disks
0	The FREAKIN ZOOM
1	Small, Direct Connect
1	Low cost, Good Print quality
0	Documentation on CDROM, serial port, useless for action photography, high battery drain.
0	Poor reception, recharge jack design.  Insufficient volume.  No alarm clock.
1	It's more capable than some cheaper phones, but the durability is the major selling point.
1	Size, Sound, Internet Ready, Signal Strength
0	Long time to take picture
1	Full featured, easy to use
0	Photos outside seem to turn out even better as the flash seems too powerful indoors.
0	does not come with the USB cable for installation, must be bought separately
1	Good Bargain, Pretty Good Pictures
0	Setup was difficult.
1	Output sizes, print quality, cartridge design, LCD status, overall feel, tech support
0	OS software glitches/lockups
1	large and cheap storage, easy data transfer to PC
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Picks up a signal everywhere, great for traveling, sturdy, not too small, a dependable cellphone.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to read display.  Web-Enabled.  2-way SMS text messaging.  Tri-Mode TDMA.
0	noise, connection, noise, noise
0	It is not a picture phone.
0	photos could be better.
0	dial seems flimsy...
0	Expensive, useless basket.
1	Best of Breed. Successfully offers phone and palm functionality in a handy solution.
0	Expensive toner cartridges and cost per page, decent photo quality.
1	Great Prints, Great Color
1	Price
1	Crisp pictures, Stylish, Easy Connection, User Friendly, 
0	No zoom
0	Can't think of ANY
1	Print quality very good, print speed decent
1	Cheap, Small, Easy to Use
1	The color display!
1	Olympus C700 destroys the digital camera competition.
1	Listed in review
1	Great Features, Kewler look than 5100 series.
0	Useless organizer feature, boring games, expensive aftermarket personalization.
1	Good looking
0	Scratchy, short battery life, easy to break
1	compact; lightweight; ease of use; modern features
0	absolutely nothing at all!
1	Standard AA batteries, USB and build-in flash
0	weight, look, feel, user interface
0	A little on the heavy side for what size it is
1	Small size, easy to use, great clarity
0	can only use either black OR color cartridge at one time
0	The camera's screen viewer is in an awkward place and often accumulates streaks from noses pressing against it. One other thing is sometimes real close ups are smudged looking, but that could be my poor photography.
0	picture quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
1	Astounding image quality
1	Good size, easy navigation, changeable faceplates in fun colors
0	It does &lt;B&gt;not&lt;/B&gt; come with a printer cable - you need to supply your own.
0	Poor quality.  Quickly consumes batteries.  No picture viewer on camera.
0	Inoperable in Cold Weather
1	size   weight  features   call clarity
1	Slim, Battery (2 Days), Much better than the usual Motorolla's
0	Rather heavy and big
0	Somewhat noisy when adjusting itself
1	Small, stainless casing, 2 megapixel quality camera at a good price
0	no speakerphone, low ring volume unless you manually change it through programming menu, expensive games
0	price
1	Great camera, lots if fun, easy to use
0	battery life, lcd screen, no viewfinder
0	short battery time
1	 Fast clear print quality
0	None so far
1	direct connect, strength and durability
1	durable, lightweight, holds a charge all day
1	light, backlight, handy, sexy, graphics...
0	quickly dying speaker, screen malfunctions, numerous failed calls
1	Amazing quality, does photos very well!
0	None
0	none
0	Auto-Focus, No Video Sound
1	Great Features
1	So many features, easy to use, easy to learn, great automatic mode
1	Easy to set up, high quality print good windows drivers
0	No Camera, Girly Design, Ok Reception
0	ink refills a little pricey
1	Image Quality, ease of use, build quality, OS X/Windows XP support
1	Great multifunction capability, media slots, great prints &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	a little expensive
1	Great Phone With A Great Layout and Design
0	Long battery recharge time.
0	The menu system is awful!
0	Little too big for pocket; not cheap.
1	Free.  That's it.
1	Small enough to fit in your pocket. Lightweight and easy to use
1	very nice pictures low price
1	excellent picture quality, Lots of options, and a swivel LCD screen
1	great features, generally decent design
1	The 'continuous shoot' mode; compact size; instant snapshots.
1	Loud, clear speakerphone and earpiece, great camera, slim design
0	occasional ink smears
0	incoming call voice annoying
0	Slippery phone connections, not a high-resolution color screen.
0	warm up time ink usage
0	Noisy, does not allow for stiff copy.
1	Color, new smaller size, very loud ringer,strong vibrating battery longest
1	Excellent screen, functionality, reception.
0	Likes ink
0	Macro Mode, Detachable Lens Cap
0	Easily damaged if dropped
0	takes a few seconds to take the picture
0	Indoor exposure, Needs better manual for optional settings,
0	Shuts off completly when any ink cartridge is out.
1	A lot of features, extras, flexibility and good picture quality for the money
1	cheap, easy to set up, easy to use, acceptable quality
1	Very user-friendly, awesome speaker sound for calls and music, colorful, bluetooth, voice activated
1	Small, lightweight, cool, voice dial ability, predictive text input
1	Excellent sound and signal qualitly, easy to use
1	floppy drive, easy to hold, easy to operate
0	plastic body, 8 meg media card
0	battery , battery, battery, battery, where is the energizer bunny?
0	None
0	high price, learning curve, disk write time
0	basket location
0	no carrying case to protect camera
1	Many seemingly nifty features
0	small buttons
1	5.24 MP, Dual LCD Screen/Viewfinder
0	Short battery life
0	The dock is separate
0	bad in low light and action shots
1	Good image quality, quality construction.
1	Easy to use, fast mode switching, high resolution, not too heavy 
0	can't think of any
1	Excellent image quality, easy to use, stylish design
1	Excellent photo quality, reasonably fast printer
1	Very, Very fast for documents.  Great quality for photos.
1	Quality of photo prints.  Smartmedia and Compactflash interface.  Print speed.
1	Durable, Great colors, fun features
1	Floppy disk as storage media
0	Same problems that all cell phones have, but also a volume-selection problem
0	none
0	Fragile, unreliable, buggy O/S, disappointment overall.
0	ear speaker sometimes gets warm during extended conversations
1	most features, high tech, great phone too
0	Does not record sound
0	hard to find
1	Quality construction, fully-reclining seat
1	Prints at the push of a button!
1	allows another small child to ride (without car seat attached)
0	Not recommended for close-up shots.
1	Stores pictures on std. floppy, makes copies in the field.
1	Sometimes, it works
1	Durable, Good Quality, Inexpensive
0	Have to use heavy paper....
0	Integrated toner and drum cartridge
0	As with most color inkjet printers HP's are a bit on the pricey side.
0	reliability, camera button, picture quality
1	A fun camera , small on size, Big on performance!
0	poor photo quality
1	Combo Palm/phone, reasonably integrated--what could be better?
0	ahhh....it died!
1	It has the feature you would expect.
0	None!
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	Support is the only downfall.
1	great quality, low cost
0	No wireless web or voice dialing
0	Software is not compatible with Windows 98SE upgrade.
1	Bright 2&amp;quot; LCD screen, Compact size, Easy to use, Onboard editing features, Easy Sony menu, InfoLithium batteries, USB connection, Memory Stick media, Sony quality
0	Zooms crap, but then if you wanted a zoom you'd have bought the EX-Z3.
0	Screen Display problems, fragile finish/ screen/ slide mechanism
1	4 in 1  system, big tires, easy to fold, ample space
0	Camera little to slow causing blurry subjects. Earbud fall out. No camera lens cover
0	slow uploading with standard serial port
0	I didn't care for the drawstring seat adjuster. I think they can improve that.
1	 No special attachments needed , 10X zoom, built-in flash, LCD viewer
0	Battery Life
0	None
1	Speed, price
1	High Qlty. pics. Small size, and a Beauty!
0	limited amount of paper load
0	uses up batteries fairly quickly with the LCD display on
1	Reliable, compact, stylish, multiple really useful features...
1	Speakerphone. Tons of features.
0	Would have liked a metal lens cap...
0	CD format is not compatible with all CD-ROM drives
0	Weak flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low light
1	Excellent Print time for both color and B&amp;W's,Great photos too! Two sided printing feature
1	Relatively inexpensive, holds a lot of pictures
1	Cute, Speed Dial, Super Speed Dial
0	Proprietary battery and small resolution limit it to novice users.
1	Very easy to use, good battery life, excellent reception.
1	Takes good pictures, and plenty of them before downloading.
0	Original memory to small
1	Photo Ret. 2 Technology, (perfect for photos), excellent speed, great for home-users, backed by HP customer care!
1	 games
1	None.
0	size
1	lightweight, small, headset compatible, travel charger included
0	Large , no T9, Memory Stick Duo is proprietary and expensive.
0	no display on front, only one size text
1	Fast, Easy, USB, Great Quality
1	Size, looks, FM-radio capability, battery life, game options
0	the phone itself
0	Camera, I don't think so.
1	Quality and price
1	phonebook, ringing options, on-screen displays
0	high price, possibility of Sony making the memstick proprietary
0	Setting up fax
1	Fast PPM output, great DPI for color, 2-sided printing (optional).
0	Pricey, no analog ability
1	Good ergonomics, excellent image quality, decent macro
0	Short battery-life, slow transfers to PC, does not remember settings
0	better for business
0	short battery life
1	Great reception; great design; easy menu
1	Cool design, lightweight, lots of features
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
1	Compact size and weight, good reception, stylish looks.
0	8 mb Smartmedia card too small
0	User manual useless.  Phone book not easily accessed-hurray for voice dialing! Cannot download ringtones.  :(
0	poor battery life
0	no camera case!
0	have not found anything wrong with this phone yet
1	Easy to setup
1	rich feature; easy to use
1	it's an HP
0	Black ink cartridge runs out sometimes
1	Great Battery life, Bright screen, Great color, Great Sound
0	DURABILITY!
1	Light, easy to use, Floppies
1	Mulitfunction-in-one, 6 type Memory Card Reader
0	Zoom could be better
0	Manufacturers Lose $$$$$$
1	4.10 Megapixels, Great resolution and lots of room to work with
0	all else
1	- Weather proof casing &amp;#13;&amp;#10;- 2 megapixels resolution &amp;#13;&amp;#10;- Windows or Apple
1	its small
1	Very sturdy, versatile, nice extras
0	it doesn't do the dishes.
1	RCA Jack
1	Cheap, nice form factor, looks nice.
1	lightweight, peek through window
1	Great resolution, compact size, wonderful internal flash
0	Battery life is weak, Lots of extras.
0	Blue Light Becomes Annoying at Times, Not as Many Features As More Expensive Phones
0	No voice dial or memo, no call grouping, phonebook will not hold addresses
0	Takes up TONS of trunk space
0	It jams after a year
1	Quiet, Economical, Trouble free
0	delayed shutter
1	Alarm, calendar, voice-dial, light-weight, color changing front, and front display caller ID.
0	Too delicate
1	Takes great pictures - both still and video clips; great media format.
1	Size, color quality, Options, Battery.
1	Price, quality of photos
1	Great price for 2 megapixel, optical zoom camera.
1	Great flexibility, solid metal body, very fast lens.
0	So far no cons for me :)
1	Easy to navigate. More features than could ever use.  Excellent sound quality.  Has speaker phone.
0	Drains batteries
0	Tiny little canopy.
1	Small, Rugged, Good Image Quality, High " Cool " Factor
1	EXCELLENT printing, nice design, fast, &amp; quiet.
0	As listed above
1	Easy to use with great pictures
1	Great product! Incredible pictures! Very happy with my purchase. 
1	Ease  of Use
0	lackluster performance, no AC adapter
0	Cheap
0	short battery life
0	Expensive printer cartridges.
1	It does so much
0	Some pictures are blurry at certain distances. A little grainy in certain light.
1	Price, quality, speed, size
1	supporting FAT32 for CF, Good coloring, fast, 2nd-curtain flash, fast lens, long battery life
0	thirsty printer; doesn't give warning when cartridge is running dry
1	Sleek looking, prints quickly, hardly know it is on
0	out of warrently will try a motorola next
0	Not photo-quality results, no flash/zoom, low capacity
1	Size, features, clarity.
0	Still unfriendly user interface, smallish display.
1	Excellent color prints, separate color cartridges
0	Digital cameras can be expensive
1	Bluetooth Connectivity, High Quality Speakerphone, Tri-Mode, Large Display, ObeyMoto Feature
0	Unusually large size
0	U.S.B. &amp; noise level while printing, small ink wells.
0	Medium-High Quality Printing
0	Rather bulky for the size, battery life, phone book
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Slim design, solid build, bluetooth headset has great sound.
0	SLOOOOW!
1	Runs smoothly, rugged.
0	~none~
0	Have not found any yet.
1	Quick, good print quality, reliable paper-handling and inexpensive
0	slow, expensive cartridges, color printing does not match colors on screen, faulty software
1	Good quality images and hardware, Nice ergonomic design, 3X optical zoom
1	Compact, easy to use, great pictures
1	Plentiful features, long battery life, simple operation
0	No docking cradle (USB cable only).
0	Limited under low-light conditions.
0	Some might not like the unorthodox style. (try the 6610 instead).
0	At farther distances using the zoom, the pictures were dark and the color not sharp
0	No USB cable available, you have to get a serial to USB converter.
1	Appearance is nice, great feel in the hand
1	Highly customizable, from physical appearance to ring tones, long standby time; Very, very sturdy.
1	Great size, very intuitive, good zoom
1	Inexpensive, easy, great photos
0	Didnt' come with a carring case
1	Just wonderful
1	Nice upgrade to 4700 series, full-featured.
1	One ink Cartrage, inexspensive Easy to use
0	can't easily adjust the volume while using the phone
1	Pretty, lightweight, cheap
0	8 mb supplied card is weak! :) Advanced features can seem overwhelming.
0	software problem ,ring tones not load enough ,
1	Small, lightweight, has internet capability, many useful functions
0	memory could be bigger, but not an issue
0	careful or you'll block lens with finger!
0	Dropped calls. No Games. Limited memory.
1	Beautiful photos all the time
1	Small enough to be stuffed in a pocket or purse, point-and-shoot ease...
1	Easy to use and absolutely wonderful quality shots
0	I'd still be waiting on pages to print if I'd done my thesis on this 
1	complete, not expensive, shape, functional, easy
0	CF shipped is small (8Mb)
0	Chincey construction in earpiece housing causes no earpiece speaker volume; reception can be spotty
1	Easy to use, powerful zoom
0	Software not first rate, optical viewfinder not great
1	Whole package
1	great photo quality
1	Nice Quality, Easy to use
1	EASY fold, easy to drive and much more!
1	great fast color inkjet, network capabilities
0	Printer jams very easily.
1	Compact, Quality, Versatility, Mobile
1	You cannot break this phone. Period.
0	Buggy external caller ID Display, slow when dialing numbers sometimes
0	Unreliable, turns off randomly, deletes text messages on its own
1	Wonderful Camera
0	No Case. Lens is vulnerable to damage.
1	Best camera we  have had
1	External caller ID. That's about it.
1	Light weight, Easy to use, Great Controls, small, affordable, Multi purpose
1	Easy to use
1	Price.
1	Relatively fast for a inkjet printer!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great Price,Refillable Cartridge available.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	exterior looks funny, HUGE!!!, freezes a lot, scratches easily
0	no games
0	heavy infant carrier, takes up storage space
1	Very lightweight, but sturdy; good reception
1	Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
1	Small, inexpensive, very good resolution, excellent battery life
0	battery life is short
0	Like what everyone says about digital cameras - Battery eater!
1	Photo quality prints that look like real photos!
0	No optical zoom, Lens unprotected, No cover, Battery consumption is high
1	Great image quality, easy to use
0	Like all printers, expensive cartridges. Needs bigger paper tray to hold more paper.
0	noisy, slow, and shakes a lot
1	Photo quality, many features, manual control, AA batteries
0	Sometimes confusing menus
1	Quality polyphonic ringtones, decent camera, good reception.
0	Phantom messages. Uncomfortable over time
1	USB 2.0, Price, Quality, Seperate ink tanks.
0	Some technical difficulties!
1	Crisp, bright screen / excellent sound / Bluetooth / superb functionality
0	Larger than the S110. Relatively high price.
1	price, dpi, ease of set up
1	Excellent color and clarity ina asmall package
0	No optical zoom
1	long battery life, easy access to phone book and web, good sound
1	A lot of camera for the money., 
0	Doesn't like .tif formats. Small paper size. Heads like to clog.
0	the manual isn't very good
1	Small size&#13;&#10;Many features
0	Battery Life, Software, User Interface, No charger
0	Problems with USB connection
1	Light Weight, Stylish, Alluminum paint finish
0	battery doesn't seem to last long
1	features, portability
1	American made, price, customer service
1	6X Optical Zoom.  Easily connects to PC. Expandable Memory.  Professional Camera Feel.  
0	Vibrating battery must be purchased seperately
1	BIG color screen, cool games, inside looks cool
0	Low Resolution
1	Ease of use (when working)
0	CLOGGED HEADS !!!
1	Less space then separate printer and scanner.
1	Voice Dial, speakerphone, long battery life.
1	Fast, great photo quality
1	Good print quality
1	good signal nice overall phone
0	Expensive
0	Loud when feeding paper.
0	Serial sync cradle.
0	no cables included, expensive
1	Very nice, small, affordable, and great quality.
1	Great photo quality, feature - full, upgradeable, ergonomic, intuitive, night, movie, and macro modes
0	No USB support
1	Light, easy steering
1	Picture quality is excellent when working properly.  OSX compatible.
1	Fast, good color and can use permanent inks.
1	battery life and call quality.
0	Chows batteries, no lens cover or case
1	Packed with features, tools, and accessories.
0	none that we found
0	screen goes blank and no support from manufacture
0	noisy, big
1	inexpensive, easy to use, durable, great tech support
1	Quiet, USB
0	Very noisy at ISO 400, purple edges at full telephoto, not much more...
0	Only 1.3 MP, only 3x zoom
0	Batteries die fast if use the LCD to show you what you're photographing
0	not a one
1	Compact, Good bargain for so many functions. Nice "wow" factor when friends come over.  
0	Not all accessories available in the USA yet!
1	3.34 Megapixels, Great Features, Super Price
1	3.2MP resolution, USB, crystal clear pictures, compact, rechargeable battery, Self-Timer, movie mode for $250
0	One word- Batteries.
1	Good battery life
0	Speakerphone capability stinks
0	Bigger than "small" cell phones, uses Palm-style inverse backlighting
1	Easy to use, features, downloads
1	easy to use, easy to maneuver, smooth ride 
1	Sometimes it puts out really pretty pictures
0	Instruction manual is hard to use for the manually-challenged : )
0	single mode phone
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
1	great color, inexpensive
0	If you want a telephoto lens or wide-angled lens, you have to spend additional bucks.
0	small buttons, headset not too loud
1	Flip design, downloadable ring tones, speakerphone, camera.
1	many capabilities
0	brakes must be set to fold and basket empty
1	Great pictures, easy storage
0	Internet access, email:  not as simple as advertised
0	Outer shell tends to get scratched rather easily, battery life is lower then average.
0	None so far.
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
1	Picture quality, durability, design, ease of use.
0	hard on batteries, no real owners manual
1	Small, stylish, vibrant color display, AWESOME RECEPTION, external display, "voice" keypad sound (makes it unique)
1	Easy to use and not very expensive!
1	Incredible photo quality. The ability to take uncompressed photos (TIFF).
1	Excellent output (9x7in @ 300dpi), Insane number of features
0	No lens cover, Plastic case, LCD isnt inset
0	weak flash, slow lenses
0	not easy to transport, takes up a lot of room in car, can't use basket with back seat reclined
1	great price
1	large, bright LCD, video and audio capabilities
1	Color screen, PCS Vision capable, polyphonic ringer, speakerphone, flip style.
0	Price. Size. Does not fold up easily.  
0	If your vain and need the tiniest phone it's not for you then.
0	Annoying paper jams.
1	easy install, reliable, networkable, good quality output
0	Proprietary computer cable
1	Good Picture Quality for 1 MegaPix, Very easy to use
1	Reliable and Solidly Made
0	Phone shuts itself off constantly
1	All in one convenience, flatbed scanner
0	1.3 mp camera. Best with manual override for Low light. Software weak.
0	Price. Night time pics. Welcome to the sony memory stick trap.
0	Poor battery life, flash issues
1	This camera gives nice 5x7 pictures.
0	High Ink costs (I am told), Flimsy output tray.  
0	None
1	Quality laser text and graphics... WHEN IT PRINTS
1	Contains three services in one.
0	Bulkly, Heavy,&amp; Costly.
0	NONE
1	Voice activated dialing. Good battery life. Cool blue backlight. Great price.
1	Great battery life, easy to use, many features
0	heats up quickly, mediocre games
1	Takes beautiful pictures, 8z zoom, EVF makes camera SLR like, small for it's feature set.
1	Excellent photo printing
0	Bulky out put tray
0	buttons are a little small
1	Workhorse disguised as a cool techie toy
1	battery life, reception, features
0	Battery life, no roaming
0	Camera is awful, and menus need serious redesigning.
0	LCD viewfinder smudges easily from your nose, no ac adapter
0	Flimsy antenna, somewhat difficult navigation on web and address book
0	Ancillary services are poor, such as PCS Vision, Ready-Link.
0	Reception, small non-indiglo screen, no fancy shmancies like nokia, seems too toyish
0	wish it had more optical zoom...but hey it was only $399
1	Easy to use. Excellent image quality. Sharp looking camera.
0	eats batteries, requires COM1 to download pictures cleanly, doesn't work well with WinNT
1	Small for a flip phone, dual LCD displays, sturdy, easy to use interface, includes headset
1	Quality
1	Well its fast and inexpensive
1	Worked one time
1	cost effective, fun &amp;amp; easy to use, rechargable lithium battery, custom-made options
1	convenience
1	It's great for sleeping babies.
1	EVERYTHING!
0	Poor reception
1	none
0	Seems quite delicate.
1	Good photo-quality printing if you use special paper
0	uses alot of juice
0	difficult to adjust recline with one hand, when folded it rests on the snack tray
1	Fast, easy to use when working, USB connection, cheap initial investment, easy cartridge, excellent color.
0	Connectivity is completely unacceptable. It simply fails as an operable cel phone.
1	Hot Features, Nikon Dependability, Ease of Use
0	Hard keys, Extremely sensitive joystick, slow responses
0	cheap, poor quality, messy
0	Juttada
1	Everything
1	Size and Features
1	Ease of set up, speed, quality
0	Long; Needs a More User Friendly Menuing System
0	keypad response, too small for some
1	Baby sleeps through a variety of moves.
1	Everything the V120C has plus more.  Snub antenna won't break!
0	Uses batteries quick, takes a while to save pics.
0	Poor slider mechanism
1	Excellent Photos
0	Noise &amp;amp; Size
1	-$100 cost!!!, lightweight, small, clear sounding, feature rich phone
1	Lightweight, great digital for someone just entering digital camera era
1	compact and stylish, nice color screen, lots of bells and whistles,very easy to use
0	Takes a while to get used to it.
1	Great pictures, standard JPEG pictures
1	Long term reliable for paper feed and print quality.
0	Expensive, larger than Elph
0	TOO MANY FEATURES!  I Just want to take a Quality picture!
1	compact, feels like a real phone in open position
1	Excellent black text output
0	Optical Viewfinder can be dark in low light, no automatic lens cover.
1	very snazzy, easy to use, many different functions, great music player
0	Bright flash, not a lot of memory and short battery.
1	Large clear LCD, loud speakerphone, bluetooth, good reception
0	No legitimate complaints - one warning. See full review for details.
0	Battery life
0	None
1	Inexpensive, easy-to-use, functional
1	speakerphone, loud ringer, multiple phone numbers for each contact
0	annoying beep, fluctuating reception strength, voice mail message announce, mind of its own
1	Easy to use, Takes decent photographs
0	cant think of any
1	Great quality for the price
0	Not wap fuction
0	Larger than a credit card
0	Break up occasionally.
0	Error in online spec sheet.  No USB.  No Win2K/XP. Slow LCD and next picture.
0	Uses batteries up real fast and the view screen is a little small
0	Battery doesn't last as long as others.
1	It does put out printed materials
0	Comes with 8mb card. Too small for this much of a camera
0	Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
0	zoom can be a pain, battery use
1	everything
0	battery eater, power button placement, parallel cable means slow downloads
1	good value, easy to use, good battery life
0	need lots of addons like batteries and lenses to make it great
0	Hard to read display, Ringer needs to be louder.
0	Only 8MB CF card included; No USB
0	Very low battery life
1	Size! Obviously. This camera went everywhere I went and no one noticed.
0	battery drain, need to package with bigger capacity memory cards
0	no USB port or flash memory cards
1	very well packed (snicker)
0	A Bit Pricey
1	Text message, up to 2 hours and 40 minutes talk time
0	Picture Quality
0	nothing
0	It is analog and has no battery life.
0	Now only comes with 8MB card.  Batteries do not last (under 15 pictures)
0	Irritating Lens Design that zooms out every time you power up the camera.
1	free, cute looking in shape
1	call quality, battery, color screen, speakerphone
1	Color screen, features(does nearly everything), durability.
1	cheap, easy, fun
1	highest quality, easy to use, good design
1	Picture Quality, Manual Controls, Battery Life
0	Like all digital cameras you have to wait between shots
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance to focus.
0	BAD!
1	battery life, cheap, motorola, can drop from over 6 feet and wont break
0	Backlight is ok for phone functions, but useless for Palm apps.
0	Lens cap not attached, minor design flaws. Not good for impromptu shots.
1	good sound, small size
0	size, not a lot of "latest" features
0	not super quality photos.  not for professional use.
1	Amazing Image Quality, Good manual control, solid design
1	Size, battery, features, FEATURES, tons of capabilities
1	Great picture, color, ease of use
1	Easy to use, sturdy
0	Gets very hot if used for too long, flimsy key pad cover
1	It is small, takes great photos, durable, excellent value for the price.
1	Children can sit next to one another, lightweight
0	Small, smooth exterior makes it prone to dropping!
1	Long battery life, easy to use, excellent size.
0	pictures blury if blowing up 12X zoom
0	Dirty optical view finder, poor battery life
0	Higher priced and batteries are consumed rapidly
1	Durable, rechargeable battery
0	Poor selections of ring tones, weak volume, lack of customization
0	Picture quality is utterly awful
1	Very good price and photo quality
0	Battery life needs to be extended (but still better than many competing phones).
1	great images, decent price, will use Nikon glass
1	Stylish, Reasonable Amount of Features, Melody Composer, One Touch Internet, Light, Great Quality, Computer Connection
0	um... it didn't WORK (at least not very well)
0	No LCD screen cover, no AF assist light, 
0	Not ideal for travel...probably isn't meant to be
0	how'd i make that call?
1	The resolution and the colors are beautiful.  Can be used for enlargements.
0	None.
1	Replaced 3 machines. Good print quality. Great Scanner. ADF included
1	Reception and size
0	Appalling sound quality. Ridiculous hands-free. And very poor screen.
1	Easy to use
1	Small, stylish, feature packed, easy to learn and use
0	Few options, some things are hard to find. The manually is confusing and vague
1	Personalize your ring tones. Small. Great sound when listening to the other party/caller.
1	Economically priced.
0	The screen is not color, phone does not look the best.
0	signal strength, i think this has to do with providers
0	Software is slow and unresponsive at times, startup takes minutes
1	Small, cheap.
1	compact, durable, chicks dig it, ease of use, lcd on outside with caller id
1	Using a floppy disk then being able to use on the computer makes it easy.
0	Rather large, expensive polaroid film
0	Maybe a little on the heavy side with the standard battery
0	Would really benefit from a zoom lens
1	good picture quality, low price, ease of use
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Speakerphone is very sensitive, sometimes hard to hear.
0	battery
0	assembly is difficult
1	easy to use, rugged, good picture quality
0	Poor design, horrible contacts
1	Small, easy to use, clarity, cool settings
0	Everything
0	Memory cards with which last about 4 years.
1	Very well priced.  Great for average user.
0	Nothing that I can find
0	Horrible, bloated print driver for the PC.
0	Chokes on large files &amp; destroys reams of paper (unless you have a print server)
0	None I have found
0	Lousy Warranty.Ink Sucker at $ 25 a pop.
1	photo printing without a computer.  print quality.
1	excellent quality, speedy prints
0	When not using flash, shutter speed's too slow.
0	Camera broke after having it a month and a half. Zoom is very limited.
0	Stopped working within a month
0	Poopy Poor Reception quality
1	Great color and speed at a great price
1	5-megapixel resolution; f2.8 3X optical zoom lens; Long-lasting rechargeable battery
1	Good Pixs,Good Flash,Nice 3X lens, large memory w/64mb card
0	Semi-slow printing
1	Wide Format printing up to 13x19, fast, heavy duty, well-built
1	prints fairly well
1	GREAT quality pics for a 1.3 megapixel camera
0	sloping seat dangerous to babies who can't sit,  full recline only useful for small infants
0	slow downloads without a USB memory card reader
0	Software is a bit difficult to install, cannot use on Mac
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	Just remember to recharge the batteries.
1	Style, Features, Size, Signal/Reception
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	dual mode, not very durable, no vibrate or other necessary features, menu
1	Multiple features, long battery life
1	good reception,light , and easy to use
1	easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, good speed
0	Hinge is a little flimsy, possible reception issues, expensive.
1	Versatile, good quality color images, inexpensive
0	Poor manual and sketchy information on some settings
0	Too many to mention
1	Light, Feature Packed, Customizable, Easily fits in pocket
1	MPEG and JPEG Images; Small, light
1	Fantastic Pictures! Great Price $255.00!
0	I am at a loss as to where to begin!
1	Walkie-Talkie feature plus speakerphone
0	paper jams sometimes and doesn't load straight
1	Cost, Quality Pictures, Ease of Use
0	uses a lot of batteries, small memory
1	photo quality, compact, durable
0	see op
0	slow to write images to flash card, can't download all pictures at the same time to a folder, must download one picture at a time
1	The palm portion works great.
1	Convenient size. Nice macro abilities. Good battery power.
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic Photos
0	Disappointing if you're accustomed to Nikon pro equipment!
0	no external battery charger
0	somewhat slow, 
1	Pretty blue case, thin and light
1	HUGE resolution 5 megapixel!  More zoom than average, easy to use.
0	Hard to master how to unlock and fold.  Not good for newborns.
1	lightweight
1	Excellent quality printing, I prefer it to any other...
1	Size, battery life, use-ability
1	Price is only pro I can think of
0	None
0	Quality control is lacking
0	None that I could find.
1	Great picture quality, optical zoom and digital zoom, fast downloads
0	a little hard to open/close
1	great 8x10 photos, slots for Smart Media/Compact Flash, 4x6 and 8.5x11 trays, quiet, FAST.
0	Terrible for outside. Fuzzy pictures. Plastic battery compartment might break.
1	Lightweight, VERY sturdy, stylish, easy to steer, wonderful service by distributor.
0	Lack features that are of limited value other than impressing your friends.
1	Very easy to use, good quality pictures
0	too big for me
0	No optical viewfinder.
1	Nice small size, point and shoot ease, lots of extra features, slick looking camera.
1	price, ease of use
1	Easy to use, excellent quality photos.
1	picture quality, ease of use
0	I find the V60t a little confusing and difficult to use.
0	Slow when printing HQ photos, Expensive ink and frequent need to replace
0	A little bulky
0	earpiece must bee positioned just right for best sound, no cover for camera lens.
1	Ease of Use, Good Basic Color Printer
0	NO viewing panel
0	no built in vibrating battery
0	Single copies take forever, set-up software does not complete its job, cannot copy legal sized paper.
0	As any flexible camera, that is with many controls and posibilities, NOT for newcomers, not for point and shooters. Instruction manual fairly good, Nikon has used video on halide cameras to help learn many controls; may be Fuji should do same.
1	Great Clarity (when in service), Direct Connect, Great new improvement!
0	Short-life ink cartridge, print quality horrible, paper feed problems
1	Fairly quiet as ink jets go, good color output, auto 2 sided printing.
1	Your world at your fingertips;Dial from Address book;Voice dial;PDA while on speakerphone
1	Near photo perfect print quality
0	Will let you know how patient you aren't
1	Multiple Uses (scanner, printer &amp; copy machine)
0	Fuji using an un-essential 5V AC adapter, available only from them! Sounds fishy...
0	3.3m effective pixels, high price, missing some useful features
0	some pictures come out dark, not good for professionals
1	Great contruction and superb results
1	high printing speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
0	Analog, Calendar size, call timer goes away when you press a number&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
0	Poor sound quality, poor ergonomics, difficult NOT to scratch screen
0	Can get occasional blur, prints are better with SHQ setting, which allows fewer shots.
0	Will have to buy cables, numerous refills that are very hard to find.
1	excelent sound quality, stylish, compact, lots of features, flip phone
1	TINY size, STEEL body, great design!
1	good print quality
0	no colors
0	Nothing really.  Keypad takes some getting used to.
1	Lightweight, comfortable to run behind, sturdy, easy to clean
1	cheap
0	Price
1	Thin, light weight, good reception, clear sound, great speakerphone
0	Awful LCD display, ugly, not easy to use.
0	Extremely slow when writing to a .tiff
1	at least it wasn't take expensive
1	Low price, high Value.  Good black and white quality.
1	great pictures, great resolution, great storage
1	Cheap, good print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
1	VERY easy to use. Just enough features. Good for a first cell phone.
1	FAST PRINTING
1	Colors are in separate cartridges, relatively quiet printing.
0	digital zoom gets pretty bad picture, but thats on all digital zoom
0	Button cover pops off, hard to cut on and off.
0	Rotten manual; horrible built-in ringtones; stiff power button
0	Hard to change resolution.
0	Awkward user interface (poor arrangement, too many features), phone goes "off-line" when camera is active
1	cost,, size, ease of use
1	Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
0	Low battery life, sub par software
0	If you're a professional photographer, this camera is not for you.
1	Nice design-easy to hold
0	Ring volume, occasionally reboot necessary
1	Excellent build quality, durable, great resolution and clarity, Nikon lenses are among the best
0	slow download time
1	LOADED with features; No moving parts
0	Short battery life, extra cost for many features
0	none so far
0	does go through ink rather fast, spendy ink
1	A nice piece of engineering; a great set of features
0	to soft on ear peice volume and small buttons
0	Poor battery life, weak signal, less web features from vision than promised
1	None
1	Great resolution, features, and ergonomics (But read the manual)
1	Small, easy to use, reasonably priced.
1	A speedy printer, basic and economical. 
1	Cheap
1	Hi-res, convenient file transfer, high magnification, great color.
0	deep price
1	Small size, easy to fit in pocket or purse. Takes great pictures!
1	This camera is a great step up from the Sony MVC 71 series
1	Sony picture quality, Cool filters, Movie feature
1	Slim, light, cool looking, calls people
0	picture quality
0	Price, flimsy (useless?) antenna
1	Small, light, flexible settings
0	Expensive cartridges, a little noisy
0	Switch needed to be replaced.
0	can't think of any
0	Interface is just Average, Confusing, Slow, Limited Memory, Battery Life
0	Poor reception, easily damaged, bulky, heavy
0	Sometimes funky focusing issue. Learning curve
1	10X zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery life , 
1	Great size, excellent feature set, easy to use
1	Lite-weight, easy to use, great for infants to toddlers, durable
1	Foolproof, great color prints, fast, hassle free
1	It's color, I got it free after rebates at Verizon. Has features
0	Drains batteries quickly.
0	several seconds between shots, only 2x zoom, flash card eject button awkward
1	Gorgeous color screen, great battery life
1	Size, Clarity, Value of the phone now that it is an "older" model
1	Inexpensive
0	high radiation emission
0	poor picture quality
1	light weight, good construction
1	crisp, clear photo realistic prints
1	Net ready, voice activated dialing, vibrating, crystal clarity, and verizon service!
0	lens cap and required extra purchases
0	None
0	The thing won't work
0	Battery life, under-powered flash, no provision for add-on lenses or external flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	great polyphonics
1	Inexpensive printer
0	no optical view finder
0	It doesn't work anymore.  Tech support people are frustrating.
1	Simply amazing design, best text entry I've ever seen.
0	Short battery life, USB software setup problems.
0	Small memory, dreadful tones, limited camera
0	Memory
0	One hand folding difficult, cumbersome carseat/carrier
1	CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA Advertise low prices they do not honor!
1	Lightweight, great quality, no antenna, color screen, great battery, cheap price
1	Digital Camera, Sprint Quality Service, Sanyo Quality Product
0	long games load times, hard to retrieve a phone number
1	Size, powerful features
1	Inexpensive, durable, easy to use, quality resolution
0	Can be a bit tough to set up.
0	need to clean print head occasionally
1	Extremely easy to use, Low Price, Fantastic Images, light weight, expandable!
0	none
0	so-so plain paper text, MUST have good photo paper, no cable included
1	Very Low Price, yet has needed features
0	The imaging is a shade on the light side.
1	Great image quality, Easy to use, Loaded with features
0	my finger gets in the pic frame, no carry bag
0	Uses lots of ink, fairly slow
0	Battery life is 1 day with minimal use after 1 Year.
1	Compact, almost fool proof, being able to focus in the dark
0	Very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses lots of batteries.
0	Not many compatible accessories
1	easy, compact, self timer
1	Easy to use basic functions, large clear LCD preview, inexpensive memory modules
1	Superb call clarity. Bright screen.
1	Great palm integration and battery life.  All in 1 wonder.
0	can't find one yet, give me time!
1	take up less space than a regular double stroller
1	Small, Great Pictures, Relatively Easy to transfer Pictures to your PC
1	smart camera for family photos or fun, friendly photos
0	Boxy design, Not 100% consistent photos
1	cheap, nice style, works well
0	RED color - battery life terrible and adaptor/recharger is extra
1	finely tuned technology
0	nothing
1	High resolution internal lcd, many features, expandable memory card
1	Ind. color tanks, low cost, fast printing..
1	Excellent images, easy to use, tons of accessories
0	Moderately Large for Inkjet Printer
0	Its a Nokia needs more features.
0	Poor antenna power
0	antenna, price
1	Small, I like that
0	Many
0	1.Low-Res pictures won't look good on this printer. 2.slow on photo jobs. 
1	Simple. Powerful.
1	battery life, sound clarity, gets the job done.
0	Cartridge replacement can be tricky.
1	Excellent starter camera.
1	VAD Feature is COOL
0	Shutter Lag
1	great for photography buff as well as point and shoot person
1	Good size and feel, nice features for price, quality images.
0	large footprint
1	Battery, big screen, navagation wheel,
1	Easy to use, excellent features, price dropping.
1	Great quality for the money
1	Styling
1	Smaller than most other Nextel phones, voice activated dialing, nifty blue backlighting
0	none
0	Small annoyances in the menu features and keyguard
0	no sound with digital movies (though the picture quality is good)
1	Good price.  Easy setup and good print quality.
1	One of the best in print quality for a multi-function. Nice scan &amp; photo quality.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
0	Holster, battery life
0	USB cable had to be purchased separately
0	I'll let you know if I find one!!
0	firmware bugs, clarity of sound, lack of standard rings
1	Good looks, Nice features, Great value
0	Why would a spy camera BEEP when pictures are taken?
1	Tiny Size, Inexpensive, Picture and Video Capture, Over 1 mp, Easy to use Software
0	Phonebook, some of the default settings (explained in my review)
1	Printer has been very reliable setup easy,configures on printer cable with in Umax scanner
1	Excellent picture quality; Ease of use.
1	Super zoom, great action photography, and the best digital movies ever.
1	Great pics, fun, easy to use, good price
1	$275, Compact, Fun
1	Small size, easy to use all the features
1	Crisp shots, good zoom capabilites
0	awkward to open til you figure it out, battery life, opening case
0	heavy
1	better than nothing at all
1	two-sided printing feature
0	grainy enlargements
0	The memory card is too small and no rechargeable batteries!
1	cheap
0	screen hard to read in sunlight
0	Inconvenient headphone/handsfree jack, Price!!
0	battery energy vampire
1	great images, SLR-type features
1	Price; has a much better lens than disposable cameras or cheap 35mm cameras.
0	Not all bells and whistles
1	The "Oooh" Factor.  Small size.  Belt clip.
0	Half full expensive cartridges
0	High speed shots blurry, short battery life
0	printable image quality poor
1	qwerty keyboard and text messaging
1	Fast, Quality Printing; Easy to Use; Paper never jams
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	Great Reception, small and sleek
1	Great AVI system 
1	Efficient.Fantastic pictures with professional quality!
1	Ease of use
1	EXCELLENT RECEPTION!  LOTS OF FEATURES!  EASY TO USE!  A++++
0	prints kind of slow, weird paper problem
1	works quickly and quietly
1	-Size
0	Only holds 8 pics @640x480,Needs a flash
0	Very noisy and shaky when printing
0	Lack of package contents, high price per page rating
0	When I think of one, I'll let you know
1	Good size. Easy interface.
0	Slightly bulky, expensive accessories
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	cost , reliability, print quality
1	OK OUTPUT
0	no speakerphone or flash or zoom on camera
1	It has a data port and everything I could ever need.
1	It is small
1	2.1 mega pixel
1	Fast, USB Support, Easy to use. 
0	Dropped calls, reception, keypad layout, no decline button.
0	Ringers and earpiece can be quiet.
0	expensive
1	Excellent image quality and expanded storage space
1	It was FREE, (only reason I got it)
0	bulky
1	Price
1	small, somewhat quiet
1	great versatility 
1	LCD, 1.3 MP, Auto Everything, Great build quality!
1	Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
0	fragile, weak, useless
0	Terrible under-basket. Poor "kick clearance" in the back.  
1	10x Zoom, Standard floppy disc
0	No timer!
0	Basic model missing many features I want.
0	Don't buy it if you own a Mac 
0	Battery life SUCKS!!!!
0	the absolute worst reception ever.  lots of dropped calls.
0	A little big to push through narrow aisles
1	Very Good Text, Great Graphics and Photos
1	Quality...  Speed...
0	none
1	Great zoom 16x, storage on floppy disks, good pictures
1	great pics, solid weatherproof construction
0	No USB support whatsoever
1	Size, weight, clearity, options
0	Some minor driver issues in windows XP and expensive cartridges.
1	Efficient and quiet, inexpensive
1	-Camera and Video
0	See above :)
1	Form factor's stunning. Long lasting battery. Voice commands super. Bluetooth gives it a boost.
0	Poor reception and numerous dropped calls. Thickness detracts from its overall small size.
0	Difficult to change volume on the spot.
0	None unless you don't like disks.
0	Ferocious battery gobbler, A/C adapter is extra cost, skimpy documentation. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Decent price, decent quality - nothing special tho
1	good value for money, good quality, driver software has some very useful features.
1	Great pictures, many options
0	Monochrome screen, brick, no mms/email
0	Silver buttons do not light up. Blue button lights would looks better than green also.
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	No audible click when snapping the picture, instructions not that easy to understand
1	Light weight, quality, knobby wheels, comfortable and easy to use
0	Output tray is flimsy, does eat ink when doing high quality prints
1	attractive phone,nice camera
0	For the average person there are many features you will not need to use.
0	Instruction book terrible, Wallpapers limited, Ring tones not great
0	Ink cartridges slightly expensive, but last  twice as long.
1	nice size, nice features like calender, calculator
1	Saves to floppy; good for those with older computers who don't have USB connections.
1	Image quality, ease of use, flexibility, size.
1	Small.  Cute.  A nice phone.
0	Paper Jamming, but see explanation below.
0	Mediocre reception, quiet ring.
1	Inexpensive, good feature set for price, large storage capability
0	takes up most of your trunk
0	Bad service
1	Compact, easy to carry, sharp pictures, very easy to operate, can control the flash.
0	No disc to download on and goes through batteries fast.
1	Small and surprisingly durable
0	sucks up batteries like there is no tomorrow, images can be a bit grainy
0	I really can't think of any, maybe price?? However you get what you pay for!
0	Poor macro shots, a bit bulky
0	Antenna doesn't stay extended
1	Lightweight, Attractive
1	light weight, great color screen, very customizable, awesome voice clarity
0	sound quality sounds a lil staticky at times, no regular sounding ringtones
0	Doesn't fully recline, small basket, expensive.
0	Can not use out of box, shutter lag time (esp. on flash)
0	Size although not really a big con 
0	Expensive to maintain. Slow. Unavailability of inks.
1	Provides professional quality photographs
1	compact, durable, excellent sound quality, good storage capability, large font screen for visibility
1	inexpensive, good quality fotos, olympus name
0	Action shots are very difficult
1	Small, Portable, Protects the lense while not in use, price
0	Quality is horrible
1	optical zoom,The battery life is good,picture quality
1	affordable, compact
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	not as ergonomic as it could be
1	intuitive to use, easy to access functions.
0	user interface, can't feel it vibrate
1	price
0	Drains batteries.  Locks up from time to time.  Reception is spotty.
0	May have unstable photo quality after time
1	 Great featuers,Easy to use, Cheap Price
0	price
0	- limited functionality with EX series speedlights&amp;#13;&amp;#10;- poor low light focus
1	PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
0	Unless you buy a multimedia card it's worthless.
0	bulky, poor battery life, screen not visible in sunlight
1	great for people who want to fix their BAD pictures!!
0	Photos use a lot of ink, somewhat noisy, not the fastest
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great pictures!
1	speaker-phone, well-designed
0	No flash,zoom, or preview screen, only 4MB memory, auto-focus only
0	battery life
1	Easy to use, fast printing, good quality photos, ink tank system, software
0	The ink cartridges are small and you must purchase the battery separately.
0	Screen still "ghosts" at times, Left and right buttons above remind me of 7210, Costly.
0	Slow Printing
0	Predictive text drives me crazy!
1	Very easy to use
0	Battery life.. complicated phone book
1	its a good camera
0	not very cool-looking
0	Wheels are positioned narrowly, recline isn't much
0	Kind of pricey for an umbrella stroller
0	Wish it shipped with rechargeable batteries.
1	I had good coverage with Cingular.
0	Paper load tray doesn't always load paper straight.  Software package not available for Win2k.
0	Poor manual
0	Moderate battery life, no USB connection
1	It's an HP
1	Durablity,Features,Color,Everything!
1	Picture quality, portability
1	small, solid, extra thought put into phone and charger.
1	Quality output for a low price.
1	EVERYTHING
0	No viewfinder.  No sound for movies.  Movies are in AVI (not mpeg) format.
0	Poor Picture Resolution, No Additional Picture Storage Capacity.
1	Easy to use, Great quality image Picture, Good price. Worth your Money!
1	A pretty good phone with lots of name brand and after market accessories
0	can't think of any
1	A lot of features, It was free with my cellular plan.
1	Affordable, easy to use
0	Phone Book Limited, Software Glitches, Inconsistent Navigation, Monochrome Screen
0	slightly bulky, immature wireless sync features, poor calendar integration, mediocre ergonomics
1	lightweight, easy to use
0	obvious distortion at edges, bit large
1	cheap, good speed, suffices everyday needs
1	excellent quality, price, easy of use
0	Battery, notification volume control, everything else
1	Compact, full of features, easy to use, excellent pictures.
1	It was cheap
0	must use speakerphone or handsfree device, battery life short, menus hard
1	Olympus optics, zoom lens, TV connector
1	Sound Quality. Battery Life. Nice size and feel. Web Access. 2 way email.
1	Really cheap,Easy to install,quick printing,Great photo's!
0	*low earpiece volume
0	not too many!
0	Keypad is very hard to use
0	nearly drove me crazy in the beginning! Read the review.
0	Slower than advertised
0	none
1	Sharp compact tri-mode phone loaded with goodies.
0	Service sucks, feels and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
1	Simple to use. 2.1 megapixels.
1	Small, tough, very good quality pictures
1	Perfect!  Small, fast, quiet, convenient
0	Nothing too big, a couple of gripes mentioned...
1	Less costly than buying all functions separately
0	Difficult to see screen in sunlight.
1	Small, long battery life, easy to use.
1	great value
0	Small memory card, no rechargeable batteries included, movie mode need a lot of light
0	Scratches easily (needs case
0	no flash &amp; you lose all your pix if the battery goez dead . 
0	Battery
1	Crystal clear photos, fully customizable photo settings, great moveable display
1	Great Quality Pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Comes with all the extras you need
0	Small black ink cartridge that's not as universal and slightly more expensive.
0	Flash-Range
0	No blue tooth, no zoom in or flash function on camera.
1	Super light and compact.  Can be pushed when folded.
1	Awesome...and I mean AWESOME pictures!!!! At 199.00 + tax(office depot) it's a bargain.
1	Excellent quality borderless photos, affordable
0	Small buttons, smudges easily
0	No speakerphone
0	Poor quality pictures
1	Prints fast, medium quality, low price.  Good for those who print once every 2 or 3 days to once a week.
1	16x optical zoom, mpeg, great resolution, easier to load floppies onto computer
1	software is pretty good
0	uses batteries quickly
0	earpiece/microphone attachment
1	Easy to use; lightweight, USB connection
1	feels like a normal camera, 3.5&amp;quot; disc storage, high resolution, free zip drive
1	Great quality pictures
1	Easy to read, and more lines of text
1	Features galore, nice pictures, long battery life.
0	may be too small for some, expensive, GSM service may be spotty
1	Easy to use, pretty good photos, USB, excellent value
1	Price; Speed; Quality
0	Toner is a little on the expensive side.
1	VERY lightweight and portable, but doesn't skimp on features.
0	Lousy instruction manual, that stupid lens-cap, poor small display Icons.
0	Nothing revolutionary, for a new(ish) phone
1	Inexpensive, good for kids
0	BATTERY LIFE, NO SPEAKER.
0	 Ink cartridges are expensive
1	cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
1	Not any I can think of.
1	Excellent Colors, Decent Macro Photos, Very Compact and Quick to Launch
1	Quality components. Small size and excellent overall photo quality.
0	Settings are a bit confusing at first; must buy some accessories.
0	Hot pixel problem. Wandering auto-focus.
0	Antenna, not many options, text messaging
1	Cheap.
1	Durable sides (rubber) and sleek design.
0	Bulky and heavy
1	Very simple to use - east out of box hook up - great software
1	Has a good feel to it.Good pics at med &amp; above resolutions
0	envelopes a bit tricky &amp;amp; slower
0	not exactly photo quality,  you have to deal with pixels
1	Excellent quality of images and has many functions that you can use in manual mode
1	Nice looks, plenty functions.
1	2.11 MP, Yields Large Prints, Pentax ZOOM Lens, Many Manual Control options.
0	Lines, errors, sometimes refuses to print
0	Reception is middle of road.  Better than most, but not as good as the best.
1	great photos, good movies 
0	Can't scan legal-size "from the glass," must use document feeder, eats color cartridges like popcorn.
0	unreliable picture quality,battery life,flash card too small.
0	photos are sub-par
1	Compact size, low price, image quality, excellent metering.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Software is weak, menu systems need to be revised, no case
0	Charge time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
1	You can save money by not buying film for this camra
1	Excellent Print Quality, Excellent Reliability, FAST, Good Price Per Page Rating
0	paper and ink hog,hard to complete quality prints
1	Compact size, lots of features, sleek design
0	Slim line battery has a short life&#13;&#10;
1	Perfect for the family photographer starting with digital, a simple point and shoot
0	Noise, speed, reliability, durability, paper feed.
0	Costs of replacing ink
1	Cheap
0	Quality concerns.
0	Annoying missed call and message reminders.
1	Great zoom, rechargeable batteries, wonderful quality
0	- none
1	Excellent Quality for a LaserJet, Small footprint for the home office
1	Great Quality Prints, Super Fast
0	none
0	Error Messages Stink
0	Only keeps length of a single phone call in memory. (not always a big deal)
1	Great photos, lots of features, writes to mini CDs, great zoom.
1	Cheap(in price) reliable
0	Staff Complained That It Ran Out of Toner Too Fast
0	Poor  construction, poor sound to people called. Difficult to use.
1	Easy to use with excellent results.
1	Good picture quality, fast lens.
0	Hard to focus with low light, uses up batteries quickly
0	None
0	No USB interface, small smart-card
1	Small, inexpensive, easy to use, OK features.
0	Lens cover is plastic, Software is confusing
0	Expensive and short battery life
0	Battery!
1	Sharp images, excellent color and contrast. Intuitive interface.
1	clear signal. Nice battery life. Small
0	Picture quality is  not the best
1	easy to use, affordable, good quality digital pictures
1	small, light, long battery, direct-connect
0	Relatively high SAR
0	It doesn't have an antenna so reception is bad inside.
0	zooms into only one part of the picture
0	Autofocus not as effective as it could be
1	Lightweight, good/great image quality, webcam capability, USB interface
0	Complicated menus, semi-expensive accessories.
1	Quality pictures for a reasonable price.
1	easy to use, takes decent pictures
0	Electronic-only menu that's difficult to learn, no optical zoom
1	Reliable, easy to use, good datebook functions
0	USB connection to camera, digital zoom
1	Great phone, easy to use
0	Not enough memory
0	Red eye!
0	not exceptional in any way
1	Easy download of pictures, good starter software, easy to use
1	Too Many to list see review
0	None
1	Nice print quality, quiet and quick
1	price, resolution, ease of use, features, zoom, picture sharpness, exposure and resolution, durability
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time video with sound, light-weight and compact
0	No optical zoom
1	great photo quality
1	Cheap, great photos, point and shoot away!
0	none, plastic feels cheap
0	Not as fast as claimed
1	lightweight compact design, ease of use
0	Color results best on special paper
1	EVERYTHING
1	Neat GSM webphone with beautiful display
1	- small
0	does not include a basket
0	Constant PAPER JAMS
0	viewfinder and LCD display a little too close to each other. 
0	too big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of power
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand and can take high quality pictures.
0	The large capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
1	Small, Light weight, easy to navigate, clear voice, excellent reception
0	none yet
0	NOTHING!
1	The fax feature, and scanning feature
1	Easy to maneuver, light weight, easy to fold up and back out, parent cup holders, plenty of storage.
0	When transferring pictures from the Polaroid program to another program, pictures turn out with white blotches.  I learned to just download directly from the camera into each program, the results are better!
0	Pictures quality
0	expensive
1	Very small size, nice finish, anti-glare screen, easy - just point-and-shoot
0	Loud!! Scares my cats when it starts up.
0	rather large
0	none
0	But, doesn't mean you should part with your money.
1	bright backlight, intuitive text input, PIM, voice dialing, auto answer, speakerphone
1	cheap, easy to use, personal, good sound/signal
0	Display grainy, small keypad for text messaging, poor vibrate function
0	Cost, battery life, battery charger
1	Small, useful, good printing quality, inexpensive
1	4 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, Good Color Saturation
1	separate ink cartridges
1	great learning manual, good price, excellent photos, great zoom
1	Lots of storage space&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Cup Holders&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1 Handed Fold-up
1	floppy disk image storage system; cost
0	Big, slow, expensive
1	Great internal LCD; bright and colorful
0	Horrible battery life. Requires charging every single day.
0	A little expensive
1	Stylish, sleek, decent music quality
1	It's lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures. 
1	paper tray
1	some nice features
1	Small, key guard, cute colors
0	Slow interface, fragile flip, buggy firmware, small screen
1	If i had to pick one it would be the large screen...when it works.
1	Available in several stylish colors; a good choice for emergency and occasional use.
1	It prints pretty good
1	Standby, Bluetooth, GPRS, weight, everything else
0	pricier than some, limited patterns available
1	Size, weight, ease of use, features (hands-free, etc.)
1	I like the color and the features that it has. I like the speaker phone.
1	Cheap, durable, decent quality
0	Weird external flash out, options in menus are layers deep
1	Durable, classy, good phone
1	Beautiful pictures.  Good resolution.  
1	Sleek, light weight, and loaded with features.
0	To print it out, you need a high quality printer
0	Not enough time to play with it.  Some fixable compatibility problems with older programs.
1	Good Quality Prints
1	Free, Ink lasts, easy use and configuration
0	not durable 
1	Small, cool looking but nothing else about this phone is good
1	Very Fast, Photo quality-WOW!
0	Bad print quality, jams, poor service
1	Excellent image quality, fast shot2shot recharge
1	Great features, convenient size
1	Great quality enlargements.
0	No zoom
0	keypads are hard to use in the beginning
1	lightweight practical
1	reclines fully, adjustable wheels and handle direction
1	Features, Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
0	Cheap construction, confusing menus
0	Light duty construction.
0	VERIZON WIRELESS forcing their name to blink on the display!
0	no scratch guard for LCD, software is horrible
1	Small, stylish, external caller ID, nice ringers, good battery life
1	Small, still cool-looking, sturdy, OK interface (apparently Motos used to stink)
0	kind of pricey
0	Cost; battery life; size; annoying rings
0	Fairly expensive; slightly heavier and bulkier than some compact digital cameras.
0	Somewhat large / heavy, no protective lens filter, 8MB memory - cannot hold TIFF image
0	Battery life after 6 months, lacks some features available today
0	Duplexing worth $100???
0	sucks up battery energy, but rechargeables work great.
1	Small Size, GSM World Phone, Sleek Design
0	Unreliable: it freezes like a motherf*@#3r.
1	Small - lightweight as the m505. Well-thought through design and functionality.  Worth every penny.
1	Good-looking phone
0	can be slow at times for large pictures
0	A little big
0	poor battery life, defect in plastic, phone gets hot poor ring tones
0	a tad cumbersome
1	Cheap Ink, Inexpensive, Cartridge easy to replace
0	Slow transfers with serial connection
0	Didn't want to charge!  Poor reception.
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
1	Easy to set up,easy to use
0	Antenna, Can't send text messages, Mini-browser
0	battery life seems short
0	don't have any yet--I guess the color if I had to pick
0	Proprietary battery, short battery life, menus difficult to get around
0	No buttons for dialing * &#13;&#10;Dim in sunlight
1	Good looking, sturdy, easy to navigate.
1	sleek design, features
1	none, it seems like a cool gadget but its defective junk
1	Lots of customizable features, games and it's a Nokia.
1	Stunning image quality, manual modes for custom shots, USB transfer, external flash capability
0	everything else
1	UPDATE!!! Best quality I've ever seen for inkjet
0	cost is still to high
1	Stylish, Small, changeable cases
1	voice recognition,size,clarity,large display,large phone-book capacity,recessed on/off button,easy to store numbers,32 different rings,lightweight
1	compact
0	Short battery life, many features I won't use, ring is too low
1	Color Layering Technology 
0	Short battery life, hard to see screen in daylight.
1	most pictures come out well, looks, easy to use, great for kids &amp; beginners
0	suddenly stopped printing yellow - out-of-warranty service is expensive
1	color screen
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
0	The flash is always on, flash in big rooms not sufficient
0	No digital info readout, some features buried in the menu
0	Price tag, only dual mode
1	Compact
1	Easy Menu Setup, GPRS enabled, Easy to Customize
1	Rich features., Easy to use., Video mode with sound!, GREAT quality., Not very heavy.
0	Uneven lighting on keypad
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Somewhat Expensive but worth every penny!
0	Slow when it comes to printing bulk.
0	short battery life, nearly perfect interface but with glaring shortcomings
0	none yet
1	Size, power, attitude
0	Reception/Signal Strength, poor sound quality, lame address book software
0	eats up batteries like they're going out of style, not much space
1	lightweight, great lighted screen, cool features
1	MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, many features
1	Beautiful screen, smooth flip top, small and comfortable, great sounds
1	Size, Price, Ease of use, Photo Quality
1	10X optical zoom, image stabilization, great shots, complete package
0	Directions for hooking up to computer are vague
0	Poor low-light focusing ability, power hungry
1	Really handy, great for our family
0	Battery doesn't give you much warning before it checks out. Less than 60 secs. 
1	Convenience of one machine, inexpensive cartridge replacement.
0	It is heavy and big.
0	Picture quality
0	Not the smallest camera on the market
1	excellent quality, quick and quiet
1	Size and finish are nice.  V Cast. ! Nice displays.  Good camera. VZ Navigator.
1	Great battery life
0	paper feed problems
0	Integrated toner and drum cartridge
1	WAP,Infra-Red,
1	added features, light weight
0	price
0	a little awkward
0	Battery use/Design
0	Pricey Picture developing
0	Definitely printer and cartrifge price and poor image stability.
0	No games, Drive Mode is pretty useless, annoying side buttons, chunky. Speakerphone, Poor flash
1	good quality and speed
1	simple to use, has most of the necessary features
0	Ink expensive
1	Quick set-up and easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	nice design, maneuvers well
0	Sheet feeder doesn't work well
1	EXCELLENT QUALITY, EASY TO USE, BEAUTIFUL PICTURES
1	Small size, 3.2 megapixel, metal frame, good coolness ratio, excellent photos, proven performer.
0	Horrible speakers, battery indicator, keypad lock features, voice-activated dial...
1	Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use, 
1	Best bang for the buck
1	Photo quality, features, style
0	Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to deal with for support
1	It Has a wonderful signal reception efficiency which makes it better
1	High quality materials, durable, easy to push, roomy, baby is completely enclosed in rear seat
1	changeable covers, cool look, very durable, great sound quality
1	Easy and so fun
0	Spites out extra sheet every now and then, cartridges around 30 beans.
1	No internal memory (uses cards), lightweight, compact, easy to use
1	Blue lights, big memory, small phone.
1	Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
1	Good quality, great features, comfortable to use
1	Cheap, Good Quality Pics, Packed with features
0	Poor scans, ink runs out, price of ink relative to new printer, WINDOWS only
1	A great all-in-one machine!
0	Highly priced and slow. Built-in flash. 
1	Small, great sound, terrific battery life, neat blue screen, charges fast, easy availability of accessories
1	Negligible lag time when powering up the camera, long battery life.
1	Speed and Quality
0	Steep purchase price.
0	Not the most stylish looking printer, paper input tray weak.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Clear!!!!
1	Easy to use, not very sophisticated
0	Price can be reduced due to competitors
0	back cover, keypads
0	None!!!!
0	Maximum smart media capacity is only 128 mb
0	Out of Warranty Repairs are expensive, not worth the cost.
1	pics and im
0	Software glitches, occasional crashes, hard to push buttons but I accept them all.
0	price, size / weight, easily "dewed"
1	Camera,Spotlight,Picture Caller I.D,  Huge_internal_screen,just about everything_on_this_phone_is custimizilebe,button_opens_flip,Great_speaker_phone.
0	Flimsy, terrible LCD, horrid signal
1	Excellent phone
0	large printer
0	Built-in games 2 tempting 4 recovering game-aholics!
1	Small, compact, easy to use
1	This digital beauty is a gem!
1	Quality, Ease of use, Versatility
0	Oh so much.
1	Low prices, nice features, all accessories included
1	awesome
1	Some good package deals out there
0	drains the batteries pretty quick
0	No manual control, poor low light focusing, limited night time picture, limited macro
1	Good reception, strong signal, large sized keypad, good call reception, speaker option excellent.
0	No LCD cover
1	floppy drive on the camera itself
1	easy to fold and unfold, comfortable, great features like reversible handle
0	Loves to eat batteries. But then again, what electronic gadget doesn't?
1	Great high resolution photos with optical and digital zoom
1	small and lightweight, takes good pictures in right conditions
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
0	no face plates yet (except generic that don't fit. can't get the web
0	No zoom, no lens cover
1	Economical, great print quality, fast, user-friendly, mac compliant, great support, USB, great paper handling, great output, quiet, automatic sleep mode
0	Verizon Disabled Features
1	easy to hold, color-changing covers, light and impressive features.
0	short battery life, weak flash, no zoom
0	16MB card, Battery life
0	4mb card, grainy pics
1	Good, solid camera, suitable for the everyday user
0	Was very hard to set up. Still haven't gotten it done. 
0	Size, Price
0	Size, Connection reliability with XP, Ink Usage and Cost
0	It might be to big for some but for this price
0	Cannot print/scan/copy full page because it inserts its own margins
1	Fun, nice software, takes decent pics for the price
0	No view window for seeing if the picture came out OK.
0	zoom, delay before the picture is taken and battery length
0	sound volume
0	http://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2  
0	SLOW! Especially With The Memory Stick/Adaptor Combo
0	Big, battery guzzler
0	weak vibration option
0	Shakes a lot, makes a lot of noise. Takes up to much ink.
1	Kokak DC215
1	Price and size.
1	Folds easily, reversible, smooth ride, great colors!
1	Good Printer when it works poor service
0	Malfunctions easily in spite warranty
0	no calander/appointment feature, no alarm
0	The case is bit tight at first but will stretch with use.
1	Great pictures, great price
1	good menu interface, durable, no static,&#13;&#10;can fit in pocket
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
0	small memory card comes with it, sucks batteries
1	Nice color matching, Low cost, Compact(compared to most),Tight type.
1	Easy to use.
1	Size, fits anywhere
1	Convenient, good keyboard, simple and useful menu, great quality of sound, decent sensitivity, 11 games
1	rugged, great pictures, easy to use
0	Poor quality of manufacture, battery problems and weak signal rec.
1	Excellent Quality, Easy to Use, VERY SLR Like.
1	Great zoom, great price, great concept.  The Quicktime movies are a plus
1	Color screen, Features, voice dialing, Polyphonic ring tones.
0	Eats AA's like candy
0	No internal vibrator. Mediocre durability.
0	Not convenient or well-designed enough for it's expensive pricetag
1	Excellent print quality, easy to use and setup, very quiet
1	Size, accessibility, feel, and functions make this phone superb
1	4.0MP, manual and auto controls, very little shutter lag
1	Mini-browser capability, easy to use, light-weight, and great voice-activated dial-up accuracy!
1	Downloads & Design!
0	Loves the ink
1	floppy disk picture storage, easy to use, no cables/downloads
0	Size, battery
1	cheap, high quality pictures
1	Good price, Good quality, Dual Ink Cartridges
0	black cartridge hard to find
1	GREAT Volume, buttons, battery life, Bright Screens (inside and out).
1	Smallish Size, Great Spec, Cheap
0	everything else
0	Pain in the rear to set up over a network.
0	no voice recognition, some dim spots on keypad, screen on outside keeps going out!
1	FAST, RELIABLE, EASE-OF-USE, &amp; INK CARTRIDGES LAST A LONG TIME!
0	Pricey but you get what you pay for.
0	Titanium casing,sturdy keypad, loaded features
1	A Nice phone.....
1	fast, awesome picture quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
0	Runs out of ink too frequently
0	Fails when trying to fill a 256MB SD card with content (still and/or video).
0	Pictures of Red Glass do not show well at all.
0	No lens protection, get a good case
1	decent printer for the price
0	Battery Life, Screen hard to see in direct day light.
1	Robust Machine Performs Flawlessly
1	Great picture quality; not too expensive; numerous useful features
1	lightweight, durable, long battery life, many features,
1	Easy to use
1	Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
0	Pricey (but worth it!), a bit large for my small hands
0	Rings are sort of annoying. Signal strength is very deceiving.
1	good color
0	Slow photo printing.
0	WAP browser, Sprint
0	Price of Cartridges Somewhat High (Can use refill kits to offset)
0	Battery life
1	simple to use, excellent pictures, uses standard size discs
0	inside flash sometimes not great, eats up batteries fast
1	Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
0	The turning is not that easy
1	Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics, packed with features, BETTER ANTENNA
0	GTE's policies on replacement.
0	slow printing
1	Highest print quality in its class.
1	cheap
0	practically drinks ink
1	great fabrics, easy to open &amp; close
0	I didn't find any yet.
1	Cheap, easy to use, produces some good results.
0	AC Adapter is unreasonably expensive.
0	I can't think of any
1	nice pictures for an affordable price
1	1.  Copy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2.  Common but expensive inkjet with the 900X series inkjet printer,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy set-up. Smooth operation.
0	Reception, Antenna, Accessories, Tracfone Service
0	Reception, ring volume, key times
0	Expensive...Printer???
1	Portability, Built-In Sheet Feeder
1	Mine was free, lightweight
0	Breaks easily
0	uses a lot of ink, isn't a flatbed scanner
1	Excellent print quality; easy to install; very inexpensive
1	great design, user-friendly
0	1) No Speakerphone
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges
1	No contract, no monthly fees.  Rollover minutes.  Great starter deal.
1	great photo reproduction
1	Compact, lightweight and good quality
0	same problems as the D-360L, too many options &amp; grainy low light photos
1	Cheap
1	Nice printing, even on index cards and envelopes, Good price!
1	Long battery life, dowloadable ring tones, graphics, themes and games, color screen
0	When the flip is slammed closed it makes a oval mark on the screen, battery
1	sleek and lightweight, good ring volume
0	Expensive!  Slow capturing time (but perhaps with remedy).
1	Price, quality, and brand.
1	Clarity - Size - Battery Life
1	A GOOD GOOD PORTABLE CAMERA IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR EYE'S
1	small size, great feature set, memory sticks
0	A little loud, but worth it.
1	Simple yet advanced, high quality, many options and features.
1	Cool phone, camera takes good quality pictures, large color screen,  web access, lots of ringtones
0	poor picture quality, questionable quality control
0	Horrible Phone Book (not alphabetized), Weak Calendar/Scheduler
0	None Noted
1	Durable; compact; good, clean quality pics.
1	Ease of use
1	changable color covers. voice mail, caller id, long battery life
0	None
1	Great, fast zoom plus lots of control
1	cheap purchase price, low cost ink
0	Speakerphone after call, too expensive, to many bad ones with software problems.
0	pricey, small baskets
1	Nice printing quality
0	Printer drivers are a joke.
0	Slow menu loading, colors were very basic
0	Higher Resolution, Slower Printing
0	Extremely noisy, poor paper handling, uses ink quickly
0	None discovered yet
1	Terrific Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Decent Battery Consumption
1	Many useful and handy features.
1	Reliable, Stylish
1	prints great pictures
1	Gorgeous body, new features, unbendable antenna, cheap with promotions.
1	Incredibly thin, great display, intuitive menu systems
1	Tons of features, speakerphone, voice dial.
1	Excellent lens, CFII c Microdrive, Photo quality
1	nice imaging capabilities
0	very noisy. average print quality. a bit slow. 
0	Quality of pictures is not very good
1	Reasonable price, practical features, compact size and external display
0	Poor battery life.  Nonstandard battery  Low picture memory.  Low Quality pictures.
1	Very easy to use 
1	Accessories out the a**, downloadable ringtones, messaging & basic email
0	A little bit expensive for those new mothers.
0	doesn't work in  some small communities
1	easy to use
0	Cartridge system, flimsy design.
0	Horrible quality
0	Check out the ink consumption on this bad boy
1	Dual LCD displays, compact design, lightweight & portable, sexy looking
0	too long to spool, does not always print
1	Everything you could want and you save a fortune.
1	Good quality images with the excellent color that I've come to expect from Canon products
0	DROPS CALLS...DROP CALLS...PIX-MESSAGING feature does not work after a while...
0	cheap
0	no camera phone or bells and whistles. Very basic other than color screen.
0	So So Battery Life, Where's the Rechargeable Battery?
1	Simple installation, brilliant results
0	a little pricey
1	Excellent picture quality
1	great zoom lens
1	Small, Stylish, Wireless Web
0	Very sensitive microphone; camera dock isn't needed
1	Compact, Good Battery life, very basic to use
1	3.34 Megapixels, Swiveling Zoom Lens, Great Feature Set
1	size, size and size, simplicity, durability, clarity.
0	battery hog
1	Excellent Close up images.
1	Solid, nice display, good sound, doesn't feel flimsy.
1	Inexpensive, easy to set up and use, good color and resolution, and voice feedback.
1	compact, light-weight, and easy to use
1	Great internal LCD; bright and colorful Easy-to-use menus
0	none
1	Extemely small, carry it everywhere, Inexpensive, Good quality images (1024x768)
1	Attractive, easy to use, inexpensive, less bulky
0	Too many settings require going through menus on the LCD
0	None Whatsoever
0	Pros negated by the terrible sound on the receiving end of phone.  "muffled"
0	no downloadable ringtones or games
0	SLOW SHUTTER, blurry pictures, no ability to capture moving shots.
0	big
1	small size, digital viewfinder, memory stick, great picture quality
1	Ease of use, outstanding picture quality, great value
0	not meant for pros
1	Great Picture quality even at 1.3 Megapixel. Floppy disk, nice LCD, MPEG, Lots to list.
1	price, speed
0	Big drawback is the lack of internet connection.
0	No page count, poor manual, cable could be longer, no USB.
1	great photos
0	phone can short out, battery life, kind of bulky
1	See Review
1	Light, long battery life
1	Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
0	Limited extra features like new rings.  No camera or color screen.
0	rough ride over rugged terrain
1	Great print quality.Quiet.
0	Close-up of small objects are not very clear. Otherwise, this camera has excellent resolution. 
0	It was difficult to learn to use all the great functions that it provides.
1	Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
1	Easy to use, uses floppy discs
0	Very unreliable; I don't know where the ink goes!
0	no flash, limited picture capacity in high res mode.
0	Battery Life, Battery Type
0	On the noisy side
1	Size, handling, large screen, games, voice dialing, scheduler, phone book
0	Still cost too much! Wish prices would come down.
0	Vibrating alarm not being loud enough (but that's all i can complain about)
0	viewfinder, lens cap, feels toy-ish
0	Slow menus, buggy software, screen unreadable with backlight off
1	Camera takes great quality pictures.  SD Card and small size.
0	Ink cartridges empty fairly fast
0	Bulky to transport
0	not too hot under low light or action shots, must buy separate batteries
0	Controls are basic, no ac adapter
1	Nothing like my wife.
0	It's very lightweight and it might be easy to damage it.
1	Great Image Quality
1	Size, Quality, Toughness, Features
1	Ease of use.
0	Keyboard a bit small, seems complicated at first use.
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
1	3.1 Megapixel CMOS Sensor, Mirror Lock-up, Long Exposure Noise Reduction, Auto Exposure Bracketing
0	Don't like AdobeActiveShare 
0	Bad customer support; internal speaker prone to moisture damage
1	easy to use, good functional docking station
0	Small buttons which could be troublesome for large fingers
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
1	Easy to learn
1	easy to use, floppy
1	Excellent camera! Loved it since the moment of first use!
1	Good price, clear color
0	A drop-in charger would be nice.
1	PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
1	small, calm blue backlight, excellent games.
0	None.
1	Small, lightweight, blue screen rocks, sound quality, outside display, features
1	Very nice resolution and tones, fair price at $2500 good entry system for studio photography
0	Weird looking!
1	Good entry level printer
1	Great optical zoom
1	Everything about this camera is a plus.
0	Loud sound when paper is entering printer, cheap plastic sound when closing scanner.
1	Digital camera, Web cam, A.V.I. capability in 1 small package ! 
0	sometimes dials itself in your pocket
1	Dry out of the printer, awesome pictures
1	Can be obtained for Free
1	Very beautiful stroller, bunting cover is a great accessory
0	A little on the expensive side.
0	None that I have found yet.
1	Very good image quality, good value, good build quality/ ergonomics, uses AA batteries, USB.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Marvelous quality prints, quiet, easy to use
0	design and lack of games
0	Only minor ones.
0	A separate viewfinder would have been nice.
1	easy to use, plenty of bells and whistles
0	Speed
0	dropped calls; keypad difficult to use
0	Battery, software, surface, durability.
1	Nice all-in-one package; Great features
0	Comes with a small memory card, flash is a bit weak.
0	battery life when using LCD
1	Utter reliability. Virtually &lt;i&gt;never&lt;/i&gt; jams, even when fed scraps. Availability of unbelievably cheap ink cartridges!
1	Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
1	Blue bg color, nice compact size.
1	Low price.  Easy to use.  All the basics.  Serial cable makes it compatible with any 32-bit Windows PC
0	It's a piece of junk!
1	Great features
0	Occasionally Slow; Volume Dosen't Get Very Loud
0	Not easy to read display, loudness of earpiece
1	easy to use, saves to floppy
1	very good phone & battery
1	Backlight
0	Sluggish Interface
0	None yet
0	I am not big on the silver cover.
0	It's an expensive door stop
0	Auto focus is somewhat slow, occasional long delays when pictures transferred to memory card
0	NONE
0	Everything, breaks often!
1	Easy to use - good first camera
0	Eats batteries, 16M of memory not enough
1	Comes with rechargeable battery and charger.
0	not tri-band (900/1800/1900); International roaming isn't cheap
1	camera, phone features, style
1	compact, easy directions, all around great
0	Slow, Loud, not that much better in quality that other similarly priced printers
0	Big, no case
1	great quality
1	LCD, nice quality prints, and it's easy to use
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	Bad keypad ergonomics, Bluetooth functions could be better, mediocre talk time.
0	Control Panel looks intimidating, but is easy once you know what all the buttons do.
1	Amazing features, photos, and convenience.
0	Prints off center.  Jams.  No easy repairs.  Ultra-expensive cartridges.
1	size, camera dock, software, lots of features, internal memory.
0	Must get used to not handling paper photos
1	excellent printer!
1	Fast, very quiet, incredible photo quality on Epson glossy photo paper. Excellent text rendering too.
0	Cons: see &amp;#147;a few concerns&amp;#148; below&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Eco mode, light on/off, speaker phone, cute ring tones
0	Eats batteries like no body's business!
1	1.Back Lite 2.Speaker phone 3. Games for the kids .Pictures
0	Need a lot of disks, is a little bit bulky to hold.
1	Ease of use, easy to set up.
0	Slow and expensive replacement cartridges
0	Terrible OS manufactured in Hell or close to it. Sadistically slow and sluggish.
0	battery life in my area, poor coverage
0	Poor pictures, no tech support.
0	Battery Life
1	Inexpensive, Easy to Use, Plenty of Basic Functions
1	Nice Image Quality, Good Size, Good Video Quality
1	Works hard, good print quality, decent speed
0	Will update once I find one!
1	Nice quality, Low Cost
1	Pricing, Image Quality, Dimensions, USB-port, CF-slot, Flash, WebCam
0	They should give you a free printer after purchasing 5 cartridges.
1	Jetsons Styling, High Print Quality, Mini-Me Cartridges
1	Excellent Reception!  Great Speaker Phone!  Very clear and very durable!
0	menus are a little 'dumbed down'; cheap housing
1	Cutting edge, reliable, efficient, & feature-rich
1	Almost everything
1	Bring anywhere, cute (people love it), fast (with small memory card) in bright light.
0	none stands out.
0	None
1	Zoom and focus by adjusting lens manually; Great on-screen menus and lots of controls
0	Not a very 'solid' feel, but of course this is nit-picking
1	Small and lightweight, reasonably priced, good quality, 20 second video
0	Digital zoom isn't great
0	as always pricier than comparable lines
0	No view finder
1	vibrant colors, cheap prints, easy maintenance, free black ink.
0	not enough battery life
1	Included accessories
1	lightweight, compact, attractive, large canopy, easy to maneuver
0	A little slow?
1	Portable,lightweight take it anywhere
0	expensive
0	Not Much.
1	Print speed and quality, excellent
0	Limited calendar function, limited alarm, battery life fades with use, calculator awkward, TERRIBLE RECEPTION!!!
0	Navigation of menu
1	small size, light weight
0	Lacks some more advanced features, small memory card included, menu control button awkward to use
1	Fast color print and great quality
1	Price, Speed, Cost of Maintenance, Performance
1	Point &amp; shoot, easy transfer of pics
0	Easy to use
1	Compact, Great dpi, fast, easy to use
0	Bad picture quality. (Very)Inadequate flash.
1	easy to use, for the basic user, a good starter digicam
1	Much like my old Nokia 3360 that I was happy with. Great new features too!
1	Floppy disk storage
0	Compact Flash Card too small and rechargable batteries not included. 
0	Nokia 8310
0	Short battery life, only 2x digital zoom, expensive batteries
0	The LCD viewscreen is  a drain on batteries
0	NO NEW DESIGN!  Hard to push buttons, slow reaction time.
0	Few Features, Lack of Compatibility, Many more
0	Printing quality and speed could be better but for an inexpensive printer it is great.
0	LCD screen difficult to see in sunlight
1	all of the above
0	Expensive, heavy, doesn't steer well, harness gets stuck,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;wheels too small, it's a tank
0	Worst purchase mistake in memory
0	Can take some time to learn all the features.
0	Can only record video for 20 seconds at a time.
1	High Resolution
0	Only the size.
0	No automatic envelope feeder, the paper tray fits both letter and legal which makes it stick out beyond the printer body in the rear of the machine.
1	small, elegant and simple overall interface, good interface shortcuts, great battery life, durable
0	No camera, no music tones, only polyphonic ringtones.
0	Compact isn't always better!
0	none for me
0	not able to use as hands-free,battery life a lot less than advertised
0	Everything else
0	ink consumption.
1	Sleek body, compact size, Improves on the original!!
1	VERY reasonably priced, great print quality, adjustable paper thickness, separate ink cartridges to reduce waste
1	Quality output, separate consumables, many print options
1	Handles like a 35MM and has the best color results and sharp images.  Has manual mode for better images.
1	small, stylish, easy to use, handy
1	Very good image quality in most cases, easy to learn and use, competitive price.
0	Can be slow, ink smears until dry (not unique to this printer).
0	using LCD screen drains battery
1	Cheap and easy
1	photo quality &amp;amp; price
0	Haven't found one yet!
0	Lens cap falls off easily.  Big deal, right?  :-)
1	Features, menu, downloadable ringtones and operator logo, good RF and voice quality.
0	Green light in viewfinder, eats AA batteries
1	Easy to use
0	Size, battery is an extra
1	workhorse
0	Can be bulky, non-reversing handle and canopy
0	Need to buy a car seat after 20lbs.
0	expensive, but worth it...
1	Outstanding image quality, great range of features, very easy to use overall
1	Super printer
1	Easy to use, 1 Megapixel
1	Prints outstanding photos
0	Not for &amp;quot;heavy duty&amp;quot; (uless you buy two or three)
0	Keys are very small. Awkward at first due to irregular placement.
0	Impossible to hook up to a computer
1	Customer service was helpful, cheap
1	Easy to use!
0	Slow
0	size, color printing not up to photo standards
1	Lightweight, games, Tones
0	sprint is wider
1	A great beginner or professional quality digital camera!
0	printing a bit slow
0	Expensive photo prints
0	Poor reception, flimsy cover, short battery life
0	Antenna seems easy to break, but can be retracted.
1	Small, lightweight and easy to use.
1	Style,Weight,Features,Reception
0	yellow light, loud
0	I dont have a con
0	Significant rebate is about to expire!  Get it now!
0	Hard to open one handed, calendar isn't large memory-wise.
1	versatility, quality of pictures
1	Inexpensive, under $425.00.  Excellent quality, abundant features, extremely convenient, fast, good software. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	easy
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Decent color quality, inexpensive, and printer cartridges are easy to find.
1	Color screen, outer caller ID display, flash appeal, and quality
1	Easy to setup.  High peformance.  Excellent cost.  Beats competitors.
1	Cool Styling, Speakerphone, Voice Memo
0	charger base,vibrate mode is too soft, ringer isn't very loud.
1	Fast, silent and excellent quality
1	Prints photos as if they were taken to a photo developer...
0	Maybe a bit expensive.
0	No extras
1	Writes directly to a CD
1	Find them onsale, cheep, decent
0	No Auto-Redial yet.
1	It prints great detail in my pictures
1	Stylish
1	Lightweight, Metal Case, Good Picture Resolution, Features
1	Great combination of features from Canon Powershot S230 and G3
0	Bad Quality, expensive, just plain terrible
1	PRICE, STORAGE, Internet, Call List
1	Fast. Photo quality. Looks cool, too.
0	Pricey. Small (16mb) included media card.
1	Price, technology, quality
1	Ink Cartridges LAST
1	Nice and flashy 3.5&amp;quot; disk for film
0	No manual feeder, USB only, No control panel whatsoever
0	small memory card included, no USB support, poor low-light indoor shots
1	easy to operate
0	Only 2 mega pixels and 2x zoom (optical)
0	The absolute worst picture quality I've ever seen on ANY digital camera, at any price.
1	Tri-mode, SMS, 200 contact list
0	Quirky flash effect.
0	Noisy at times (but not as noisy as my neighbor's rap)....
1	Aesthetically-pleasing camera
0	too small
0	Toner expense
0	ink availability, slow on images
1	Size and digital quality
0	Eats batteries like it has camera ringworm, heavy in weight
1	Camera is cheap and functional with a couple of options.
1	Improved reception
1	It's Olympus! SLR, reading CompactFlash &amp; SmartMedia.
0	A little expensive and no WAP browser
1	EASY TO USE First Digital Camera
0	Software does not have a lot of options of editing.
1	Speakerphone, ease of use, small size, camera, durable
1	The best quality as long as you use the right paper and software
1	Great Camera for the Price
1	IR Port, Excellent Print Quality, Decent Speed
1	The best value out there!!
0	Investment needed $200 to get this thing the way it should be.
1	Color quality and ease of use
0	Battery life; lack of ring tones; difficulty overall
1	Two-way, paging and cellular all in one.
1	Small, inexpensive, multiple use
1	4 seprate ink tanks
1	Many features including conversion from stroller to carriage, seat that can lie back all the way flat, and option to have child facing towards or away from you.
0	Buggy software.  Bluetooth connectivity.
0	not-too-good sound quality for roaming calls, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	Big and clunky, anything BUT hassle-free.
1	Inexpensive handset that has good battery life and clear call quality.
1	Quick, Efficient, Low operational cost, Superior print quality
1	Durable
1	Good Pix in strong light.  Priced right.
0	Short battery life, software support, light adjustment
1	awesome picture quality, endless movie capability, customized settings, pretty easy to figure out.
0	Ink cartridge refills cost higher than normal
0	Unusual shape, Serial connection is slow
0	short battery life; usb did not come with the camera
1	Picture quality, bright display.
1	instant pictures, fast, reliable
1	Speakerphone, very easy to use.
1	Compact, Trendy, Functional
0	Buttons are hard to push, operation is initially confusing
1	having a car seat and stroller in 1 purchase
1	Stylish, lots of functions on the external display, light, small
0	none that I can see at this time.
0	Horrible red-eye problem.  Can't take any people pictures inside.
1	Good performance, excellent output, and Cheap!!
0	Worth it for those who don't cart baby around all day in a car seat
0	Sometimes a little too strong for light sheets of paper.
1	Great battery life
1	Good print quality, scanner option, irDa built in, built in sheet feeder, 
1	great sound quality, GPRS seems exteremely fast, tons of features, the keyboard ROCKS!
0	resolution, if you are looking for professional quality, memory stick expense, automatic flash
1	Sliver housing, lens cover, small, only 6.5oz, picture quality, and price.
0	bland color, digital zoom degrades images
1	Looks, reception, battery life, lots of features for the price
1	Features, fairly compact, inernational.
1	Price, Ease of use, 
0	weight
0	Memory cards cost
1	Simple to use. Great photo quality. Reliable.
0	Slow to download
0	Expensive cartridges-use refill ink
0	Bad piece of equipment
1	Cheap, stunning prints, usb &amp; parallel connections
0	expensive ink and paper
0	No lense cover.
0	Slightly large, tech glitches, novelty
0	Very unreliable, what doesn't stink about it?
1	Takes great pictures, makes short movies, very easy to use! 
0	cannot use without base, handle is awkward, 2 recalls within 1 year, expensive
1	Doesn't take much room, easy to install and use
1	ready to use right out of the box
1	OBEX capable Bluetooth, MP3 ring tones, Speaker phone, texting, Picture and E-mail made easy.
1	Strong music player, impressive multimedia features, good volume/speakerphones.
0	Awkward power button placement.  No zoom.
1	Very durable, Costs very Little, great software
1	Easy to use, Great Photos, Long Battery life, functionality
0	Glare on LCD when outside., 
1	You don't need the software to use this printer
1	Pretty cheap now that they're a bit old. Fairly good print quality, with a reasonable print speed.
0	Poor design of external buttons. Awful camera quality.
1	Sleek and Sexy, High Performance
0	if any, would be that ink goes fast
0	95 minute talk time, lack of software for color screen
0	Need steady hands,, Tiny controls
0	no personal caller id pic
0	Price and memory card - 8mb
1	Price, super fast text printing (not that is so great)
1	nice look, durable,big canopies for both,easy fold up
1	cheap, affordable, decent images
1	Excellent Price, Perfect for Beginners
1	Easy to use menu, sturdy construction
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	Lots of menus, somewhat complicated to navigate, Battery life, bulky.
0	Works poorly indoors.
1	it can fax, print and copy
0	Not suitable for any work application
1	cheap,good print quality
1	Size, Durability, Color replication is superb for price, few relics, MPEG movies great, 3x optical
0	Short Battery life, Poor Keypad design causes wrong number punched
1	Great digital images for little effort.
1	fast, and east.  Makes less waste
1	Great Zoom.  Excellent Optical quality.
1	great reception, light weight & small. Easy to use.
1	This phone is stylish, compact, has a great external speaker
1	A very complete quality electronic photo system
0	Noisy, slow, only works well on Epson paper, sucks ink like no tomorrow.
1	many features, good finished product
1	Ease, quality, battery power, FEATURES, in a Class buy itself
1	convenience of floppy disks, good zoom, ease of use
0	i print too much
1	Ability to purchase separate printer cartridges.
1	Great pics, 2.1 mp, inexpensive, nice optics, easy to use, lens protected
0	Hard to use rocker switch.  Badly designed lens cap.
0	expensive
1	Very User Friendly&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact design&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite affordable 2nd hand
0	loud
0	violent paper handling
1	good reception, easy to use
0	image quality bad during low as well as too much light
0	Runs out of ink too quickly. The paper does not feed well. 
0	Ink cartridge prices. Unit quality.
1	Small size, quality images, easy of use
1	No contract's
0	None
1	It handles 11x17 paper, prints fast in black and white
0	Could have been a little more compact
1	cheap
0	None
0	Software no good for international faxing
1	Not much.
1	Clarity is excellent and it holds up to heavy use.
1	Cheap, Easy to use.
1	Low price
1	4096 Colors, Triband, GPRS, MMS, SMS
0	Price! Way too much for just a printer.
0	No Negative rating
0	Red eye is horrendous, any subject movement causes blurring, pictures are soft
1	Amazing image quality! Solid construction. Long list of features.
1	Simple; easy to use; built like a tank (but only 14 oz)
0	Eats battery life, somewhat fragile in battery door, not for quality photographs
0	Somewhat noisy
0	No color printing available.
0	Carrier is a bit heavy--but all models seem to be.  
1	User Friendly in all aspects
0	With 420EX flash the camera feels badly balanced
1	Cheap entry phone,Joystick control
0	Cheap manufacture/is not durable, paper jams
1	easy to use, good text and graphics quality
0	Batteries don't last as long as would like
1	It's cheap, does the job for me
1	zoom, floppy disk, length of charge, clarity of pictures
0	The 3 sec lag, and that pesky Sony "enter" button.
1	new technology you can use it in 120 countries global, very small, voice options.
0	screen too small
0	Doesn't remember flash setting
1	Size & Weight, Battery Life, cool features
0	Talk time not as long as advertised
0	Battery Life is short, no external flash
1	Reception, Battert Life, Styling, Voice Activation, Low Radiation
1	Excellent Print Quality: Low cost cartridges; Reliable
0	Serial only, 8MB smart media card is too small, must be careful closing the lens cover
0	No games
1	LCD is sharp, great image quality
0	Stubby Antenna, Cost, Scratchable Case(reported)
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
0	Proprietary bluetooth support.
0	Prints pretty slowly when printing in high quality
0	Bad Reception,Software Issues,Horrable Customer Care
1	Does a Great Job
0	Large, slow serial downloads, and no real zoom.
1	High quality output. good speed for quality. compact supply costs are now reasonable
1	Light, easy-to-use, stylish
1	A communication champ!
1	small, lightweight, sleek, durable
0	Slow photo printing at high-quality resolutions
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	Inexpensive
0	None
1	Great Archives for my work.
0	The hassle I went through to receive the end product.
0	very hard to figure out how to work
1	everything
0	Too little space to answer
0	Paper is misfed and software is slow.
1	great features, small size
1	Good price and print quality
1	great pixels, easy to use
0	Comes with a small memory card.
1	Fast, Great Printing, Good looking printer, USB port
0	low image quality, can be flimsy 
0	Has some of the same issues as the Kyocera 2135
0	Poor reception. Lots of dropped calls. Menu's embedded too deeply.
0	Reflective LCD frame, delicate port/battery covers.
0	Poor battery performance, poor construction
1	Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
1	ease of use, ease of transfer to PC
1	Image quality, versatility, compactness. The best today.
1	Great photographic output, very good price.
1	double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet
1	Cheap original price
0	None
0	size, price, stylus, errors...
0	makes loud noises, average printing quality, runs out of ink quickly
0	Known issue with the "Flex Cable" (read review)
1	Price and Quality
1	Free!(if you think that's a pro)
0	None
1	high quality, saves pictures onto CDs, long-lasting battery, video clips
0	A little slow , probably not the best &amp;quot;business machine buy&amp;quot;
1	Image quality, light weight, functionality
1	features, light-weight, battery life on standby
0	Red eye, a little on the expensive side
1	Resolution, Price, Size
0	No case, no lens cover
1	Durable, Does all the basics well, decent service
0	Screen 'bleeds' & customer service (for AT&T as well) is below poor.
1	stylish, large bright screen, camera quality.
0	software installation is difficult
1	Easy to use.
1	Colour screen, Tri Band, Bluetooth
1	Value, image quality, versatility, zoom, macro
1	Sleek, Small, Color, Light, Polyphonic Rings, Games
0	Sucks ink like Dracula sucks blood.
1	Compact, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable price.
0	Too pricey
0	mesh basket too small, frame feels wobbly
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
0	battery life is average, short if you have the optional view screen on.
0	eats batteries
1	Price, Output, Value. All rolled into one!
0	Still pricey, wrong printer picture shown by epinions at time of writing
1	Great picture quality
0	Not very loud, not always as clear as other phones.
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
1	Nice picture
0	almost constant paper jams on every one we own
1	Works great when outside.
1	Compact, easy to use, take great pictures.
0	Paper tray too short
1	Sharp vivid colors, easy use
1	its cool and cute
0	Short Battery Life, picture loading time
0	a bit pricey, lens cap
1	- 2-megapixels resolution - compression-free imaging - PC or Mac connection via USB port
0	It is a single band phone ( problems with its range)
0	Weak Signal, Smaller Outer Display (hard to see), No Flashing lights, Bad Flash
1	Haven't found any yet.
0	price of replacement cartridges, job speed (slow)
0	need better support
0	not as fast as some might like
0	Very sensative to light for photo quality.
0	Hard to find one negative for the price I paid.
0	Small number buttons
1	Easy to use, great picture quality
0	eats up battery quickly
1	Small, Light, Cute, Speaker Phone
0	Problems when using with LCD monitor off.
0	the basket is a little small
1	Fast voice recognition dialing
0	no T9 word bank
0	-Flimsy Charger
1	Ease of use, very good ergonomics, great picture quality
1	Fast text output and superior photographic repro.
1	Very good looking and great performing phone.
0	Little Support,short battery life, no support for Win2000
1	Easy to use....good lux ISO380.
1	Sleek & sexy aesthetics, large screen
0	Battery life
0	usb support lacking
1	Great pictures, records movies, easy to use and transfer pics to computer
1	Compact size and weight, user-friendly, good performance/reception
0	pricey ink refills, tabloid sheets are manual feed.
1	easy to use, good quality photos
0	the size but not really a big deal.
1	Simple, easy to use
1	Price performance ratio
1	Fantastic Output
1	Size, weight
0	Keypad (Could be less stylish and more practical)
1	Powerful, clear, many options
0	Case very fragile, get a leather case,
1	great price, easy to use, great pictures
1	Great pictures, Audio, 2 megapixel, 3x zoom, USB
0	Slow print starts.
0	No Profiles, RF performance, slow menus.
1	Price, Photo Quality and Ease of Use
0	storage is limited to 1.44mb
1	Quality and ease of use for anyone
0	Phone only offered by GSM carriers with poor reception/coverage
0	None so far.
1	Speaker phone, games, many different rings, calculator, etc.
0	Flimsy paper tray
1	HP Quality
1	96 image storage capacity, nearly pocket sized
0	toner cartridge life.  Postscript driver does not support 1200 bpi--only 600 bpi. Graphics not up to HP standards.
0	the first one lasted 3 weeks before the jack went out
1	Nothing special.  I suppose it is a typical cell phone.
0	problems with red-eye
0	No A/C adapter, no "Steady-Shot" feature
1	Very easy to handle.Large storage space and leg room.
0	None whatsoever
0	Large (not for shirtpocket), Sony Memory Stick technology ($$$)
1	Battery life, sound quality, display
0	none that I have seen
0	awful reception, battery life is terrible, menus are unintuitive
0	Cost
1	Keyboard foldout, loud speaker and radio...and everything else a Nokia phone has always offer.
0	Very poor earpiece/speaker quality.Lousy battery life.Wobbly hinges.Get a Katana  for free.
1	Extremely fast printing in Draft/Black mode. 2 sided printing
1	great quality
1	easy to use, AA batteries (rechargeable work great! Compact Flash medium is great storage 
1	Great size, functionality, and easy to use menu system.
1	Speech clarity.  Great display.  Excellent backlight.  Voice dialing.  Connectivity.
1	Excellent integration of phone, internet, email.  Very stylish
1	Holds a lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
0	Would not recommend this phone.
0	none.
0	Voicemail can be tricky
0	Less than stellar manual, price varies greatly, button placement could be awkward for lefties.
1	Cheap, reliable
0	Macintosh integration appalling .
1	Print Quality is excellent, fairly fast
0	none so far
0	Pricey (thought not beyond reason)
1	Low price, 4 levels of resolution, EZ to use
0	A little big, comes only with NiMH Battery, Not Lithium Ion
0	A large camera and only has 2x zoom. Small preview screen.
1	low price
1	Uses quality CD-R storage discs which you can pop out and view on your PC.
0	I have none
0	Parallel port support questionable, pricey
0	Reception, Dropped calls, Vibrate too soft,(can't feel in pocket)
1	small, fits in your pocket, image quality, easy to use
1	Speaker phone, Two way radio, Battery Life
0	Expensive. Confusing menus.
0	Poor Picture Quality, claims 640x480 or 1.3 megapixel, 1.3 megapixel is fake. Has no flash
0	cost, small basket, sometimes hard to manuever with one hand
1	Front folding flap, control panel
1	Features, Features, Features
0	Easy to produce bad pictures.
1	Inexpensive and Reliable
1	I love everything about it except I wish I could download real songs not midis.
1	Manual settings, CarlZeiss lens, MPEG movie mode, InfoLithium battery
0	Very Expensive, a little large, basket access difficult
1	digital photos, lcd screen, compact size
0	Battery life; auto powers off if no signal;not very full featured
0	That ink can get PRICEY (surprise surprise!)
0	Poor software.  Toss it.
1	Great battery life, great reception, good features.
0	Antenna breaks often if you put it in your pocket.
1	Excellent build quality, great results
1	Excellent Digital Camera, Lot's of options, manual full of information.
0	A bit noisy, it's kinda big compared to some printers
0	Delay from when you click to take the picture and when it actually takes
0	A little big and heavy...
0	None
0	battery life, can't download ringers
0	The radiation levels exceed gov't regulations.
0	big and slow starting  up
1	Perfect Prints, Ease of use, tons of options, sleek styling
0	No output to TV.
1	IR Port, &quot;Wearability&quot;
0	Fixable paper feed problem. Overpriced scanner.
1	Small .. nothing else good about it
1	A very nice camera using advance technology.
1	Good technical support (they need it); nice copies; price
0	too bulky and heavy
0	No call log, cannot customize sounds
0	Still new - few faceplates and accessories available right now.&#13;&#10;
0	poor reception in certain areas, phone freezes up
1	Functional (Vibrate & high mode, etc.)
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	great, reliable three-in-one machine, compact design
1	Great quality fast digital pictures.
0	resolution not best  if you want to make 8x10's
0	I can't think of one
0	only works in bright light
1	Interchangeable face plates, Accessories everywhere, quality, durable.
1	Outstanding Pictures, easy to use.
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Easy setup (to PC and with print cartridges); Fast printing (3.5 ppm color)
1	easy to navigate, quality construction
1	love every bit of the stroller
1	Quality of image,  great lens; range of features and accessories available.
0	no zoom lens
0	Headphones are proprietary
0	none
0	not exactly cheap
0	cost
1	Small enough to fit in your purse cell phone compartment, diaper bag, or shirt pocket.
1	great picture and functionalityq
1	Keypad layout, basic features
0	scratches easily(invest in screen covers), no viable belt clip option,
0	Too Bad the pictures don't come out so good
1	Fast, good quality, not too noisy.  Seperate color cartridges.
1	Sturdy, nice price, many features, easy manuverability.
1	Excellent quality
1	good clear pictures, good color prints
1	Excellent printer hardware and software.  
0	The CompactFlash card is too small!
1	everything in one kit; easy to use; decent photo quality for inexpensive camera
0	You will need something better eventually
1	Separate ink cartrigdes, very quiet, very fast, high-quality, solid construction, reliable, long-lasting ink, never jams
1	CD storage and MPEG capability.
1	Simple, lifelike
0	alkaline battery powered means less photos before it's out of power
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Great quality! great speed! turns itself on when you print! great costumer care!
1	compact size, color LCD, outside LCD, big buttons, lots of features, wireless web
1	its pretty and takes nice pictures
0	weight  / Bulky / Hard for a non tech to configure
1	Easy to setup. Excellent print quality. Good scan quality.
1	good pictures. easy to use
1	Price, 2.1 megapixels, very easy to use
0	Slow shutter speeds
0	Need for extra accessories
0	Ink cartridges -cost to much and frequently be replaced
1	Nice looking, cool features, great phone book implementation, user friendly, nice ringtone.
0	Won't stay installed.
0	Camera is Bulky, pricey accessories
1	Reliable, Great volume control, comfortable in the hand, durable, many faceplates produced, battery strength lasts.
0	slow shooting between flash shots; picky smartmedia card
0	A bit pricey, eats batteries for breakfast
1	Versatility, economical, easy to use, quality results
0	Glossy paper for any printer can be expensive.
0	Big, mediocre camera, Get It Now is an excuse to waste money
0	Very expensive replacement cartridges, automatic feed wrinkles paper, difficult installation 
0	not expensive enough!
0	Battery drain (use rechargeables), memory card died less than 1yr.
0	Somewhat difficult to navigate,
1	Prints 11 pages a minute in Black and White and 8.5 in Color
1	great quality, easy to use
0	Super Clunky, Bulky, Awkward buttons, Battery....and oh, did I mention Battery?!
1	Analog/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
0	 no usb, supplied smartmedia 8mb not enough, takes a while to open/ get ready
1	Good battery life, good service, voice dialing, love the original faceplate and the color screen
1	Extremely portable, External color LCD light, Good reception, Daily planner
0	rechargeable batteries/charger not included, no manual exposure options 
1	Tons of cool features.  Pocket-sized and stylish.  Great for photography novices or enthusiasts.
0	Its still very new with limited add ons
1	Fairly inexpensive digital camera that takes tolerable, if not terribly good, photographs
0	$800 is still a lot, despite that its a GREAT VALUE compared to the competition
1	Superior design and quality, price point comparison.
1	Inexpensive unit, good resolution
1	Has an awesome safety belt.
1	TFT Color Display, Solid Construction, Built in Camera w/flash, Ringers
0	Small display and buttons
1	Cheap, fast, low ink costs
1	the size is perfect
0	Manual controls require too many button presses, shutter lag
0	Little ringers to choose from. Cannot turn on speaker phone until other party picks up.
1	Good quality in general
1	Good price, easy to use, pretty good quality, software easy to use
1	Looks, speed, features, capabilities
1	great for preschoolers
1	easy to use
1	great long lasting printer
0	Can never have enough megapixels
0	battery life, pricey at &amp;gt; $500
1	Small size, good looks, voice dialing, good clarity and volume, decent battery life.
1	High Speed, Print Quality, Drivers
0	Handles seem too short
1	cheap printer, good quality
1	Good color, fast output, easy to operate.
0	No audio in movie mode, no optical zoom, rather large, difficult to press "select" button
0	None
0	No USB/parallel cable
1	Speed, quality, color, price
0	Battery life, no roaming
0	no optical lens
0	can't find any cons
1	prints out fast, color, black and white, photo-like pictures, easy to use
1	Colour screen,great battery life , awsome games , very good reception ,
0	Want to take pic's all the time
1	Excellent Image Quality, Professional Features, Options for Lenses
0	Haven't found any yet
1	Comfy for the kiddies
1	Quality color picures.
0	Poor design, reception, bluetooth, speed and a whole lot more.
1	good all purpose printer
0	No cons to think of.
1	Tiny camera with lots of big features.
0	Signal strength, battery indicator, camera quality.
1	easy to use, very much features, 32 digital zoom
0	None
0	Some quirky performance issues
1	Picture quality, ease of use
1	Rugged, but neat, good value for money
0	Frail as a whiff of rose blossom on a spring day.
1	The pro for this phone is that it is very compact.
0	ink runs sometimes, envelope settings wrong
0	I find the camera a little bulky and thus not &amp;quot;handy&amp;quot; when afield.  Otherwise, no complaints.
0	Prompts can be a bit confusing.
0	This camera takes some getting used to. The accessories (AC adaptor, disk adaptor, extra smart card disks etc.) are expensive as you have to buy them from 3rd party vendors.
1	cheap price.......
1	easy and small
1	6x Zoom, , Commonly available media format , Takes amazing photos for 2 megapixel., Extra functionality 
1	Hundreds of Beautiful Photos. Various Modes making friends go Jee Whiz!
1	Size, cost, camera and video
0	about as noisy as anyother laser printer
1	Rubber lining/grip, speakerphone, outside display
1	Great design, safe, durable, and comfortable
1	Monster 10X zoom, compact size, great battery life , , 
1	light, folds small, easy to steer, comfortable
1	Ease of use, fast transfer of photos to computer, 2 MegaPixel, AC adaptor and rechargeable battery included
1	Photo shop quality pictures produced in less than 1 minute., Easy set up, 
0	Handle with a little bit of care.
0	-video is useless
1	Battery life, usability, sound
1	Fast, small, detailed images
0	breaking antenna, bad reception
1	Strikingly beautiful
1	easy to operate, good pictures
1	Fine print quality, fast enough for home use, and the price is right.
0	No included case
1	does all the phone functions adequately
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
1	Cheap, Reliable, Accurate, Excellent print quality
1	Great print quality and speed, easy to setup and use
0	Bad reception in some places.
0	conflict with mustek scanners, usb doesn't seem to work like it should
1	Great prints. Convenient card reader.
0	Short battery life, few advanced features.
0	it never seems to do the things it says it can, like fax, print, or copy
1	Simplicity
0	single tricolor tank, colorfastness, waterfastness
0	a bit bulky, a little slow on the focus
0	Tiny basket. Seatbelts could be better designed.
1	Small and light, blue backlighting.
1	daytime shots, privacy, no waiting to see result, instantly can be sent over Internet
1	Good stills, MPEG, light, convenient
1	Fast, small, affordable
1	Lots of features for the money.  Great Pictures.
1	Hardware
1	High quality pictures
0	None, other than size of camera.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	nothing
0	Can't print 11x17 like the Canon BJC 5000 and 5100, USB kit is optional and costs extra
0	Haven't found any yet.
0	Battery life is low and provided memory is not sufficient.
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	Looks cool, great price, print photos!
0	expensive
0	low quality
0	None Significant
1	Small...prints well, has the option to scan and to be used remotely
1	Light weight.
0	None 
1	small size, tough case, great shots, fun add-ons
1	Great reception and clear sound
1	Great quality pictures. Very easy to use.
0	long distance catapulting of occupant due to lack of brakes
1	Lightweight, simple to use
0	poor reception
0	See Writeup
0	Battery life
0	single-band, no voice dialing, phone book not alphabetized, drains power searching for service
0	Small basket, No cup holder.
0	Everything
1	Small Size, Real Metal Cover, Style, No Chrome Cover, Battery Life, Custom Menu
1	great stroller
0	Slow, mediocre printing
0	Need adapter for fast downloads, no zoom
0	Toner cartridges are a little pricey.
0	On the bulky side, hard to find in stores
1	10X zoom, incredible flexibility, movie mode
1	Quality fast quiet printing
0	Doesn't come w/rechargeable battery/AC power, 8Mb memory card isn't sufficient.
0	Nothing
0	Slow, drinks ink, difficult to operate
1	Size, Small, Good/Okay egronomics, easy use controls, available memory cards.
1	Nice pictures
1	best price, simple
1	I can't think of any.
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	Feature rich, great quality, simple design.
1	Excellent phone with great reception and ergonomics and simple to use.
1	Good looks, slim design, great battery life, large display
0	not as easily navigable as a Nokia, somewhat toylike
0	Poor reception.  Poorly placed mouse buttons.
0	Not very durable, slow, ink cartridges are too small
0	Short (~1.5 hrs max) battery life, small buttons, semi-nonintuitive menu, wear and tear shows
0	Rear case material, lens cover, raw image converter software
1	Lightweight, Compact, Bluetooth, Internet, VCast, 1.3MP Camera, Removable Memory, MP3 Playback
0	Bulky, paper tray is too short, noisy during some tasks
1	Inexpensive
1	Good features for the money.
0	short cut on keypad not available
0	heavy, a bit bulky
1	Easy and Fun to use.  No software to worry about
0	red-eye,which could probably be reduced if I knew better how to take shots
1	Looks cool.
1	Durable, Easy to use
1	Compact, USB port, MP3 Ringtones, Full Web Surfing, Speaker Phone.
0	Very little storage comes with camera
0	Can hardly see LCD outside. Zoom is digital, so useless outside. AD/DC Adapter is expensive.
1	Small, Sleek, Features, Display, Outside Case Caller ID, Awesome Reception
1	PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
0	Only available through one carrier, pricey, limited accessories
1	good reception and sound quality
1	Affordable
0	Speed is a bit leisurely.
0	difficult to get flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
1	everything about it
1	quality built, manual mode, long exposure, expandable, can use AA battery
1	Nice case
0	Poor wallpaper displays, horrible ring tones, no download capability.
0	Slight auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
1	Extremely sturdy and will last forever
0	small basket that's hard to reach, doesn't really recline
1	Great Size, Great Offers
0	Expensive. Bad software.
0	None yet
1	easy to use, cheap media
1	Works in Europe
0	View finder hard to see in bright sunlight.
1	reception, battery life, speaker phone
1	Triband, user-friendly
1	Quality images, easy to use, inexpensive
0	Slow shutter speed, awkward viewfinder, no AC adapter.
1	Great Easiest to use cell phone
1	Reasonable price / great quality / nice features!
1	size, picture quality, durability, video feature, timer
0	Can't easily find accessories for it...
1	it does it's job, it's small
1	Spacey-great for big trips &amp; amusement parks, easy transition from car to stroller.
0	slow shutter speeds if not using flash, lacks viewfinder, scene modes often distort picture
1	- Weather proof casing - 2-megapixels resolution - Windows or Apple
1	Speed and quality
0	none
1	good price, good quality, good color
1	Small, many many features
0	pointless phone wraps, horrible keypad, no clock, subpar audio quality
0	Earpiece volume.  Games aren't good.
1	durable and easy to maneuver
1	Long battery life, easy to use, tiny, and a nice blue light
0	Expensive Ink cartridges.
1	Good for the price
0	Lack of calendar
1	Excellent picture quality, great control, great price!
1	good look great photos good reception
1	Nice features like 2 sided printing, excellent output
0	Weak camera, screen could be bigger.
0	Pictures lack clarity, heavy camera, battery life only 120m
0	No games
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
0	Bulky, and a bit heavy
0	No Zoom
0	Slower than more expensive printers
0	Changing the faceplate is slightly challenging.  No other that cons I can think of!
0	none of it very well
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
1	Good pictures, easy to use
0	Tendency to reboot itself, awkward button locations
0	touchpad can be sensitive, most accessories sold separately
1	It's not poisonous
1	Nice look. Easy for use. Nice price.
0	Size. Weight. Shooting speed.
0	Hard to read top of display, batteries don't have separate charger
1	Small size, external LCD, nice design, voice dialing, cool features
0	costly customer support
1	cheap, very portable, if it breaks who cares.
0	Poor battery life
0	Speaker is horrible..
0	The manual can be a little complicated
0	Short Battery LIfe
0	battery life, side on/off button
0	Antenna is a little flimsy.
0	doesnt protect 100% from sun
0	That dastardly voice command button! And the color display eats battery life!
0	Ink goes very fast, and the cartridges can be a bit pricey! 
1	Easy to use, cheap price, e-mail options, instant message options, etc.
1	Good reception, decent price, record your own ringtones
0	not too many features
0	muffled sound sometimes
0	No Web browser, once battery life starts to fall, really dies quick
0	White balance for rooms with warm lighting not very good, somewhat questionable build quality.
1	printer, copier and scanner all in one&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	uses batteries quickly
1	I'll let you know.
0	Ink cartridges are expensive
0	Internal memory is small (16), no case or neckstrap, wrist strap feels flimsy
1	Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
1	good software, lots of accessories
0	No color screen, not as many "cool" features as a GSM phone.
1	Compact, Reliable, Playback monitor, clear crisp pictures
1	Versatile, easy to use
0	Bulky
1	reliable, won't break
0	Cost of ink cartridges
0	Sometimes has a little trouble feeding paper
1	Ease of use, durability, quality
1	Feature-rich for the price
0	range not so good
1	nice printing quality
1	Small, lightweight, great features
1	Great for printing paragraphs or letters
1	Very easy to use, even for those of us who are not "technology savvy".
1	Battery Life, Wireless Web, Looks
0	flash too bright, no case, 8mb stick included, expensive
0	Ugly, blah ringtones, and BORING colors.
1	Floppy Disc Interface, MPEG Capabilities, 6X Zoom
1	Price, lightweight, quality pictures. ease of use
1	Very good digital images
0	No zoom, fixed focus, low battery life
1	Cool design, ability to print straight from memory cards without a computer, ability to download photos from memory cards to the computer, FAST color printing
1	great quality. Easy to use. The best on the market
1	Great Looks, nice color screen and very light. Great batt life
1	great battery life; durable
0	Additional phone time can be expensive if you do not shop around.
1	Color screen, Dual band, external CID, Voice Dial
0	Have to close the camera to view pictures on the screen
1	Simple to install, easy to use, good print speed, great quality.
0	Good Pictures
1	Blue Screen Outstanding Voice Quality, Flexible.GPRS,Bluetooth, And Software
0	A bit heavy, included CF card uselessly small.
1	Ease of Use Quality 
0	Navigation of setting. Can be confusing at first.
0	Extremely noisy, horrible print quality, drinks ink like a semi truck does gasoline
0	Web feature not practical
1	Brilliant technology, beautiful design, & amazing sound & quality.
0	Call quality, battery life
0	Short battery life
0	 Uses up alot of ink, the cartridges are expensive,not very fast at printing
0	battery time
0	VGA Quality pictures aren't too good, doesn't support smart media card.
0	Drinks ink.   Warranty repairs at 6months. Now (18 months) Head needs replacing @ $215.00.
1	Price, speed, dependability
0	waist belt difficult to unfasten
0	Margins are larger than expected.
0	only a beat too slow sometimes with the shutter to capture amazing blackmail shots
1	Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Look
1	Great features/price for economically minded. High quality pictures.
1	Compact Size, Beautiful color, sleek design, 5MP resolution. 
1	Fairly well featured
1	Excellent Pictures, tons of features, good zoom, light weight, good all around camera.
0	May be too small for some people, a bit expensive
0	Battery Life, no belt clip, some dropped calls and phone freezes once in blue moon.
0	not real sturdy, lots of features to learn with poor explanations
1	small, 4 megapixels is great! lots of different features... great quality pictures. pretty durable. 
1	Easy to use and set up with any program
1	Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Record Short Videos
1	simple to use
0	none
0	not many for the money
0	Software bugs and space eater
0	no optical zoom, small life
0	Expensive ink.
1	10x optical zoom. Color and Quality!. FUN!
1	Cheap
1	Lightweight, fits in pocket, great user interface, great color
1	Long battery life, voice mail, caller ID, games, and a very easy to use menu.
0	Not recommended for feature seekers.
0	none
0	Only comes with a 8MB Compact flash card and no rechargable batteries or AC adapter.
0	What good is a pretty phone if you almost never can get a signal!
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and the send and end buttons are reversed!!!
0	There are better printers out there.
0	Delays in key-in actions...
1	The box can be used to store other stuff.
1	Great Printer, Great Print Quality
0	Doesn't work too well with low lighting.
1	Inexpensive, good print quality
1	SLR viewing, spot metering, multiple exposure options.
0	Can't print a 16x20 (hint to Epson)
1	price, ease of use, nice quality photos, LCD screen, small size, 2x zoom
0	No cup holder, rear window in canopy
0	resolution is not highest available, but still great
0	orange sidelights, quite large, brightness of screen
1	simplicity
1	Fast, Reliable
1	Low Price, Connections, Hands Free, Caller ID
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Battery life (minor problem)
0	Slow, mediocre quality, wastes ink, jams paper, slows down system, had problems with fax machine
0	none
1	Took it out of the box and had pictures on my computer in 15 minutes!!
1	Great look and feel like a quality 35mm camera.
1	Durability/ Ease of Use/ Good Quality photos
0	It's not a Canon, NEC, OKi... etc
1	Georgeous photos
0	Indoor pictures are difficult, usually because of lighting.
0	No Auto-Focus, Weak Flash
1	easy set-up, mac compatible, great color quality on regular paper, smooth paper handling
0	Price, colors not as vibrant as other high end photo inkjets like Canon S900.
1	Very dependable
1	Solid, reliable, great sound quality, and cheap.
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	Very expensive to operate.
0	Heavy, not pretty looking, cheap ring tones,  screen scratches easily.
0	Battery recharges directly on camera.
0	If you break the sliding cover, you lose the microphone.
0	mediocre sound quality, some strange glitches
1	nothing special
1	affordable, good FM radio, love the torchlight function.
1	Great looks, large screen for size, camera, sending text and pic messages fairly easy.
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter speed.
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
0	The case is cracking, the antenna is bent. Poor battery life.
0	Lots of technical glitches
1	good picture in full sun
1	cheap, easy to use
0	No memory chip.
1	simple, takes clear pictures while moving
1	picture quality,battery life,LCD monitor,handling, value. manual control, nice lense
1	Triband, camera-phone
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges and Print heads when needed replaced
0	May sound a bit like analog - half a second delay sometimes.
0	Serial rather than USB connection
0	reception
0	Some people prefer cameras that use memory cards. Only takes still photos, no movie clips.
0	Bit large, surface scratches easy (get lambskin cover), battery life diminishes fast while talking ~2hr
1	Excellent battery life, good features for entry phone.
1	Nice Looks, Durable, Ion Lithium Battery, Clear LCD, Good Price, Internet-Enabled, Small
1	image quality, speed, features, compactflash
0	Poor software. Flimsy Design. Be prepared to spend money on accessories that should be included.
1	Thin, Simple to Use, Has what I want
1	Durability, photo quality, and ease of use.
1	An affordable replacement that adds lacking features of previous 120 models
1	Small size, superior Nokia menu layout, Eye-catching blue backlight
1	very easy to work
1	High quality photo printing as well as text and graphics.
0	Camera quality, lockups, file corruption, price
1	size, ease of use, price
0	uses much ink, may be cloggy
0	VERY slow transfers with serial cable model, not professional level photography
0	It will cost you #200
0	It is expensive to do a lot of printing!
1	Easy to use and yet complete control
0	bad paper loading, bad customer service
0	battery life, optical zoom, software is lacking
0	Display occasionally distorts or disappears.
0	none
1	Good value and good features.
1	Superior Print Quality;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Low Printer Purchase Price;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of Installation&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	For new users menu is a bit confusing. Just read the manual!
1	Inexpensive, easy, good software
0	More fragile then any other Nextel, not as small as conventional cell phones.
0	This kind of performance doesn't come cheap
0	Better ones are available on the market.
1	Great small size, easy to use.
1	Good printer, copier, and ok scanner, good software with it
0	A bit tough to hold on to
0	Lackluster photo reproduction (to be expected in this price range)
1	Easy to operate, uses floppy disks for film
0	Incorrect ViewFinder, Small Zoom, No Close-ups, Cost
0	Can be expensive to run
0	A bit larger than the non-SLRs, some bugs in handling the 32MB Smartmedia card
0	Wait for disk recording. Less than stellar video.  Beware non-Sony CD-RWs.
1	Good everyday home printing, ease of use, HP name.
0	I don't know of any
1	features, interface, battery life
0	Drains batteries and switching modes
0	wish it were even smaller! Be careful, minutes go quickly while surfing!
1	Great Size, Durable, Nice Screen, Comes with rechargeable battery
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Battery life (as with all digital cameras)
1	Easy to use. Small size.  Plenty of features
0	Some photos had red eye, doesn't come with carrying case
1	rechargable battery, light weight, ease of use
0	none
0	Bad customer service
1	fairly quiet, good quality text, decent quality pictures
1	Good Color Scanning and Printing. Great Fax Features.
1	Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
0	Not enough resolution for portraits.
1	Great battery life
1	Slick, small, easy to carry, operates oversea
0	Ink Streaks
1	Neat camera and video.
1	Tri-band + GPRS + FastInfraRed = ideal phone for businesspeople and travelers
1	Great features, easy to use, great look.
0	battery is somewhat weak, files take up a lot of RAM
1	Just about everything!
1	Easy to setup and use, fast focus, great contrast range &amp; high-quality color
0	Control panel, hard to remove side panel
1	Lightweight, very compact, has most of the features of a full size stroller
0	redeye on indoor children shots, can't download photos to a serial port, poor tech support
0	bad flash and other features.
1	I'm impressed!  Photo quality prints w/o cutting paper in seconds.  Everyone should have one!
1	So tiny and portable.  Easy.  Durable.   Makes short movies.  Quality seems better than 2 Megapixel.
0	Small memory card included, advanced features require more time to learn
0	Batteries are pretty expensive
0	too expensive, no holographic display, need two hands to answer.
1	its bundled with a lot of extras!
0	delicate casing, few bugs (volume), still Sprint
1	cheap.  Works standalone.  Zip hookup is nice.
0	Worst phone ever made. Trash, don't waste your money on them.
1	Crisp dark black text, excellent photo output, very speedy, very small
0	Printer cartrige cost.
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	Signal strength, sound & awful OS
0	Mine didn't come with a memory card
1	Text and image quality, simplicity in use, easy refillable cartridges.
1	Clear colour screen, handsfree audio, plentiful software, well integrated with phone, good battery.
1	color display, easy to use menus
0	Lack of external memory. Cannot record video.
1	Great pics, easy to use.
0	Difficulty seeing screen in bright light
0	Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes shifts to video mode unintentionally (due to dial placement)
0	No alphabetized phone book
0	fuzzy pics, connection problems, list goes on ...
0	makes spots on the pages
1	quality finish and solidly built, attractive large interface, Battery lasts loooong time
0	none
0	Batteries Drain Quickly When Using Display Mode
0	Single Band, Small Keys
1	Produces High Quality Prints, Easy To Set Up &amp;amp; Use, Reasonably Priced, Fun Software...
0	none yet.
0	no internet, breakable, snake is more addictive than smoking.
1	Prints, Scans, Copies, all in one 
1	All-in-one, Price
1	Sleek, Flip Phone, Outlook, Internet Explorer, Instant Messenger, Windows Media Player, All in One Device
0	Discs have memory restrictions and I've had trouble connecting USB port to my CPU.
0	Cartridge Cost
0	Still has some user interface kinks to work through.
0	everything else!
1	Very user friendly with many useful features; excellent resolution for money.
1	Metal Build, High Fashion Design, Great Reception, Great Audio, Simple Design
1	sleek
0	Didn't Include Games
1	Thrifty operation, excellent photo printing, reasonably fast, works with Mac OS X and OS 9
1	Excellent print quality for an ink jet. fairly compact with a fold-up paper tray.
0	State of the art has caught up with and passed this model.
0	Time consumming to learn the software
0	A bit big and a bit heavy, power feedback is bad
1	Good battery life, nice size, good reception
0	games tend to eat up battery life.
0	Flimsy rubber cover for I/O ports.
1	Great picture quality, long battery life
1	Resolution, zoom lens, memory cards
1	3.1 megapixels, small size
0	Battery life seems a bit short, soft ringer volume
0	Very slow
1	Price, quality, basically everything
1	Being able to delete pictures as you take them
1	Many Features
0	Easy to lose
1	Compact size, ease of use, low power consumption, image quality
1	Easy to use
0	Lens cap not attached.
0	Nasty... very nasty final results...
1	Small size, very easy to use
1	Lightweight
1	Cheap
0	No auto shutoff.
1	Olympus name, nice size LCD, Plentiful options.
1	Great quality, features, durability and ease of use.
0	Always at least one printer down (unexplained "jams" and "paper outs")
0	Reception is okay, no automatic flash for camera, flip moves around a bit when closed.
1	Zoom, LCD display, long battery life, pictures on floppy
0	What's That, Are There Any?
1	Excellent bottom end camera,easy to operate,good pics too.
1	High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	Really good print quality on a starving writer's budget
1	What can we say.... we think it's pretty cool :)
1	Small, Sounds Great, Great Battery Life, Easy To "Get To Know"!!!
0	See Review Above
0	Unintuitive controls for detailed settings
1	Easy to use, fairly large storage, good features, decent quality pictures.
1	Sound Qualtiy, Built in Digital Camera, Expandable Memory, Excellent Contacts Manager
0	Heart-stopping price if bought without service
1	Many features.  Easy Menu.  Long Life.
1	speed is OK
1	Size, weight, features, reception.
0	No MP3 or iTunes, some basic functions are subscription-only, sub-par instruction manual.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
1	Wonderful, high resolution, ink jet printer
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	Excellent quality and inexpensive
0	This one is easy, the price.
0	loud, takes a long time to warm up/print a page
1	LESS EXPENSIVE, HE LEARNS RESPONSIBILITY, CHANGE COLORS WITH FACE PLATES, CHANGE ACCOUNT TYPE TO MONTHLY PAYMENTS LATER
0	The speed could be a little better
0	not as small as some others
1	More goodies than other umbrella strollers
0	Feature overload
1	Reliable,good range,excellent pictures, mid-range price
1	good quality, easy to use
0	Battery life and durability.
0	Large footprint; grabs the paper loudly; shakes the desk while printing(!)
0	None I can think of..
1	Sturdy, well built
0	16MB memory stick that it comes with is useless - go 128MB.  Odd to handle.
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of features.
1	excellent photo quality
1	excellent range of features, and It's Fun!
0	Location of LCD screen; batteries sometimes jar loose and reset time/date.
0	none
0	Pricey
0	Lens cap alarm is annoying, but really works. Red-eye shooting people in dark settings.
1	Easy to use in auto mode as well as manual mode. Great guess free pictures.
1	Small size, features.
1	LOVE THE CLARITY AND THE COLOR &amp;amp; SO EASY TO USE!
0	Poor Camera
1	clarity, quality, great battery life (re-chargeable), swivel LCD screen
0	Higher cost.
1	World Phone, Blue Back-light, Price, Loaded with Features, Great Clairity.
1	Easy, Quick, High Quality uses Standard CFlash Card, excellent win2k interaction
0	Big antennae and kind of heavy
1	don't have to buy and develop film, easy to use
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
0	Rubber Flap, rotary dial function selector, indoor pictures
0	None that I have  noticed
0	Shape, Size, Weight... Nothing major just little things that takes getting used to.
1	Color screen, voice dial, external display
1	Solid, dependable, well documented.
1	Great battery life, nice look, durable, and nice looking color LCD.
1	Durable!  Lots of great options like voice recorder and infared and call reminders.
0	seat doesn't recline - minor issue.
0	Macro mode is rather unimpressive.
0	only one tray
0	Static is occasionally a problem
0	Can blur, grainy looking pictures
1	CDMA,LGC330W
0	Menus could be a little more intuitive
1	NON
0	kind of expensive, eats batteries like there is no tomorrow
0	There is a problem with the scanner locking on some of the machines.
1	Light weight, durable, 1 child and 2 adult cupholders, easy to maneuver.
0	Case, needs a reboot now and then,  volume button, general lack of buttons.
0	slow shutter release response
1	I was taking pictures and e-mailing in 5 minutes.
1	Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
1	Ink cost, 2X printing.
0	Stout shape makes it hard to talk and listen at the same time.
1	Easy to push.  Gets you outside.
0	Doesn't work, poor resolution, fuzzy pictures, you name it.
0	No bluetooth.
1	Takes excellent photos, convenient storage on disks, works with both PC and Macs
1	Takes great pictures. Pretty inexpensive
0	Auto Focus can sometime be off, if not a well lit subject.
1	long lasting battery,very clear,works in most areas,small and compact
1	Excellent, reliable, economical printing
0	hard to push in the grass
0	Eats batteries like crazy; frustrating problems, no USB
1	Easy to use with better than expected photo results.   
1	Size, GSM, usage profiles
1	friendly
1	Easy to use.  
1	Quick, easy installation, good print
1	Many
1	Guess it's better than others
1	Small,color screen,(loud)poly ringers,picks up great.
0	Black and white
0	Camera "freezes" while gets ready to focus.  (Also, can't delete photos off disks.)
0	Horrible sound quality, terrible speaker phone, really long power cycle times, pull out antenna
1	Good ergonomics, sharp macro shots, good flash, easy to use
0	Some signal problems, few carriers
1	Quality and quiet
0	Slow UI, no 2.5mm headset jack, too big.
0	poorly written manual, doesn't include rechargeable batteries
0	Not as fast as fast as I had hoped.
1	Size, sleekness, battery
0	Piece of trash!! Turns off sometimes, drop calls, doesn't ring
1	Small,lightweight and has an infrared beaming feature
1	very good picture quality
0	Text printing just so, so.  Software could use some tweaking.
1	Printing Speed, Print Quality, Reliable paper feed mechanism
1	Not bad for $50, holds 70 pics, takes good pictures depending on where you are.
1	Nationwide use.
1	Lightweight.  Easy to use.  Good customer service, so far.
0	Needs computer to retain some settings; may not be Y2K compatible
0	LCD Display drains out the battery.
0	Some of the consumables are faulty.
0	No analog roaming, sometimes slow menus
1	Fantastic Photos
1	Outstanding image quality, good battery life, easy to use, optical zoom, NTSC out.
0	Poor Battery life, Scratches easily
0	nothing
0	Must replace cartridge if one color runs out, 
0	None!
1	clear sharp images
1	camera is easy to use
1	ac battery charger included, easy uploads w/pc card adapter,fits in pocket
0	SLOW! Unresponsive and fiddly to use, red-eye, picture geometry problems
1	Easy to use, it takes nice photos without the flash!
0	Needs more documentation on CD
1	Now people can get me, not just my pager!
0	limited memory stick comes w/ camera
0	Cannot lock phone to prevent unauthorized use.
1	Great little phone with many more features then other phones with verizon.
1	Sleek Styling, Memory
1	Effortlessly transfer photos to your PC using a cable
1	Features, quality made, features
1	Manual flash, automatic exposure in six differend ways, cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Stores images to a floppy disk
0	4 X 6 PICTURES ONLY, VERY EXPENSIVE TO PRINT
0	user manual
1	Dependable and Professional Quality Prints
0	Issues with usage
0	envelop slot and 4x6 photo slot jams, outrageous prices on ink.
0	Some menus in manual mode difficult to access.
1	Good Camera
0	no viewfinder
1	Exceptional value for money. 2MP Picture Quality. Sony Build Quality &amp; Reputation
0	Photo quality limited to higher end papers
1	Cheap, Easy To Use, Good Picture Quality
0	Occasional smearing when printer is low on ink
0	Face plate hard to get off.
1	Fast, 8mb memory, Toner Saver and Energy Star Compliant, Low Noise Level
1	Form factor, CompactFlash Type II slot, optical zoom lens with a 2X-4X digital option, ISO from 100-400, 3 selectable image sizes 
0	Need I say more?? Thanks for the rant space
1	Color and text quality great, intuitive software, useful tech support website, small footprint
1	Large format, a lot of capability for the money, inexpensive to run.
0	Discontinued in most stores
0	non digital; very limited selection of rings
0	Bad Customer Service and Product Reliabililty
1	Best pictures ever taken..
0	Need good light for proper exposure 
1	very clear printing
0	If you can't get consistent sound on a mobile phone, what's the use!!!???
0	cheezy little plug hatch door. Gotta be careful with it
1	Clear pictures great color, small size ease of use
0	LCD display should have protective cover for when not in use
1	Great Pictures
1	Picture quality, build quality, rotating LCD screen, great software
0	Ink expensive but they all are.
0	A little noisy
1	Quality of text, Size
1	Full featured; very small package; fast; USB; movie mode
1	size and durability
1	Well designed
1	Easy to read LCD screen&#13;&#10;Programming is a snap
0	Slow on/off time, voicemail rings(3 only), not many physical personalize options(face plates, antennas, etc)
0	No memory stick. Memory stick adapter causes too much lag in storage times.
1	light-weight, good information storage, strong after-market, good styling and size
1	Size, Looks, IR Modem, Global Roaming, Battery Life, Voice dialing, User Interface
0	EVERYTHING
0	none
0	basket is too small
0	Expensive, quite wide for small spaces, canopies aren't adequate for blocking sun.
1	Beautiful sharp and consistant BW printing.
1	Good for text
0	Terrible Web interface, No games or calculator, No voice-activated dialing, no speakerphone
1	Small, Nice looking, Free
1	easy to use.. light weight.. many features
0	Poor ergonomics - difficult to dial without looking.  Feels cheap
1	Very small and light
0	Where's the software?, Ring Tones, Voice Dialing
0	no color display if that's important to you.
0	microprocessor unreliable
0	Paper trays somewhat flimsy
1	Quick text, Quality prints, Few jams, Durable, USB or Parallel, Long-lasting ink
0	Price ($950)
1	in a nutshell: glitz, glamour, sass
1	User friendly
1	Great picture quality. Clear and Accurate. Easy to use.
1	Easy set-up, ease of use, excellent print quality, ease of maintenance
1	Can use with newborn, can shield child from the sun well, appropriate for rough terrain
0	A few quirky defaults in the programming, lense cap, not pocket-sized.
0	printer is on the larger size, paper feed is loud and startling
1	Great quality, awesome zoom, good battery preservation, video mode
1	individual ink cartridges, supports different paper sizes, replacement ink is cheap
0	none yet
1	Great image quality. Fast lense. Classy look. Burst mode.
0	Does not do well on uneven sidewalks.
1	Nice colors, safe car seat
0	A little heavy for pocket!
1	ease of use
0	A little bulky, expensive accessories
0	None worth highlighting.
1	folds up and opens very easily, is very light
0	None that I can think of
1	Plenty of accessories and face covers, nice menu system, durable
0	haven't found one yet
1	Great sound, comfy keys & fit, can download graphics and tones, easy use, external display.
0	Malfunctions Easily (see documented cases below)
0	no good holster/leather case designed yet.
1	Inexpensive two cartridge system
0	none
1	Reliable, compact, inexpensive
1	Great pictures, fast, zoom, features,  excellent size but still very small
1	Amazing quality, very quiet
0	Still a fairly high price.
0	Dropping calls like a SOB, cant see time on outside lcd without pushing side button.
0	breaks a lot ????
0	Somewhat large
1	Polyphonic Ring Tones, Color Screen, E-Mail Capabilities
1	Good prints and reasonably fast.
0	Ring/Vibrate could be louder/stronger, faceplate dents easily, charger port cover is not tethered to phone.
1	Ease of use, Great, inexpensive storage media, EXCELLENT fit for serious amateur 
1	Low cost, Durable, email and downloadable ring tones.
1	Light weight, easy to use, simple connection to PC, Smart Media, Low price
1	great resolution, cheaper inks, cheap price
0	N/A
1	Web enabled, clear reception, nice mobile hands-free option
0	I wish there were more normal ringers!
0	non ergo design, eats up batteries like crazy
0	Little hard on batteries
0	The movie (video) mode has no sound.  
0	Does not include cord to computer or black and white print cartridge
1	Fantastic voice recognition, voice commands, reception, clarity, size.
0	Eats up battery life easily.
0	Settings are difficult to navigate, Computer software is weak
1	small size and portability
0	Small Buttons
0	Requires Bi-Directional Cable, or USB, standard parallel port cable wont' work.
0	Not real good at quick shots.  
1	Great service, Direct Connect, Very Innovative
0	needs more ringer tunes
1	Cheap, good quality prints
1	Reasonably priced, good reception, internal antenna
1	Light weight, good features great battery
1	Small, lightweight, cheap, reliable, analog
0	Inconsistent manufacturing quality.  Product defects are common.
0	when it works
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
0	Software.  Cheap build quality.
1	Small, decent coverage. Not worth the price.
0	Only if your T28s won't suffer from manufacturing defects
0	Lacks some important features, Add-ons Add up in price
1	Too many to list
1	High-quality printing, fast, reliable, cheap, usually rebate, economical to use
0	Verizon charges per Video/Photo sent, LCD Screen on outside vulnerable to damage.  Rather expensive.
1	Easy to operate, durable, stylish, good phone for a small price.
0	durability, flaky LCD connection, no WAP, can't store email addresses, not a world phone
0	Swivel wheels don't always stick in the "fixed position", which I prefer to use.
1	FLAWLESS
1	Small, nice design, long battery life, features
0	Price
0	battery life, scratches easily
0	Haven't found any yet
1	grrrrreat photo quality
1	Size, size, size! Performance.
0	1 way speaker(9100 only), awkward size, faceplates hard to change
1	Good optics, good transfer to PC, good feel in the hand
0	Guaranteed to fail
1	Great features,easy to use,light weight,nice design,exterior caller id
0	Camera is sufficient.
1	all in one
1	Color Printing and Copying and a Scanner to boot
1	Memory, price, battery charge life.
0	LCD position, SHOULD come with a case!
0	Lack of interchangeable lenses.
1	Cheap camera
0	Terrible ringers.
0	too big in size to fit into any pocket
1	Copact, price, ease of use
1	Outstanding Photo's, Inexpensive
1	fast,expandable,dependable
1	size, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
0	Seems to perform a head clean on turning on and off: wastes ink.
0	sliding lens cover has a sticking point
1	Takes great photos
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
1	Good picture quality, excellent computer software, a lot of options
1	pretty
1	Small, good battery life, sturdy and inexpensive.
0	paper jams, expensive ink, crooked printing, bad print quality 
1	light, quiet, quality photo printing,  this one more like a Honda than a Jeep
0	Very dark display w/o backlight. Possible memory conflicts cause erractic ringtone behavior.
0	Auto focus slow. 16 meg card too small., Software is buggie
1	Easy to use, dependable, inexpensive
1	Size is just right.  Loaded with features that most people use.
1	Easy installation, cheap ink cartridges,  prints great photos,and very inexpensive.
0	if you use paper less that 24lb, the printer will misfeed the paper
0	Slow "film" speed, and the widest angle ain't wide enough
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	Cartridges expensive. Almost the price of printer itself.
1	small, light, easy to use
0	none
0	None at this time!
0	Cheap wheels, they chatter when you walk fast &amp; very hard to close. 
0	*Although not really, **Ratings aren't always real life, ***Although slightly overkill
0	External caller id window gets scratched, the phone is a bit thicker than StarTac
1	Archival printing, photographic quality, excellent color fidelity, included roll paper handling, quiet, easy setup, warranty
1	resolution, speed, technology
1	Inexpensive, simple to use, reasonably fast, quiet, compact, and produces superior quality print
0	Weak Antenne
0	Slow printing, expensive cartridges
1	Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
0	Low Battery Life cumbersome menu navigation
0	No games, limited ringer tones, dual mode only, not as simple as other phones
0	"Acceptably small" means bigger than would make most happy...jog dial is moderately annoying.
0	prints slow
0	eats up batteries like crazy
1	Feature rich
1	Extremely durable, very long battery life, lasts for years.
1	Compact, affordable and easy to use
1	Easy To Use &amp; Clear, Great Pictures!
0	Speaker needs to be louder, monophonic ringtones
0	none
1	Compact, flip front
0	People (not me) report paper misfeeds.
1	picture quality, compactness, easy to use
0	Sometimes slow focus, battery charges in camera, external charger not included.
0	Viewfinder impossible to use outside with sun glasses, and difficult without them
0	Joystick is a little frustrating and face plate chips easily
1	Small, light, stylish, intuitive menus, feature-rich, external LCD display, solid feel, large phone book, well-built.
0	Everything!
1	Truly excels at text and photo printing. Easily networked. Great software.
0	accessories are expensive!!!
0	Side camera button....battery life over estimated
0	Rather noisy. Limited in paper sizes that can be fed through it.
0	Eats batteries and sometimes slow to "warm up".
0	cheap made, jams occasionally
1	small, light, easy to use
1	Light, portable, economic, good quality, strong, LCD display, capacity
0	The big $400 pricetag, some customization limitations
0	Power hungry, poor low light performance
1	Nice features
0	on the bulky side, digital zoom
1	Great quality printing at an inexpensive price.
0	no preview window, no flash
0	Isn't necessarily superior to other phones in call quality.
1	Fast, good print quality, easy install, 8mb built-in memory, 1 year warranty.
1	Affordable, , Compact,, Fast,, Excellent Print Quality,, Toner Saver feature,, USB/Parallel Interface, , 
0	On button is small.
1	Size, features, reception, style
0	Not as slender or compact as some of the competition.
0	Might feel &amp;quot;bulky&amp;quot; at first
0	Came with defective print head.
0	Everything else
0	Canon software doesn't retain shooting info when converting RAW files
1	individual ink tanks, USB or parallel
0	antenna, uncomfortable on holster
1	Absolutely everything about this camera
1	Great camera
1	Easy to use, good color and quality
0	Maybe size....
0	I dislike the Navi button
0	Drains batteries, focus problems, no TIFF file output.
0	Not as small or lightweight as the 8260
0	buggy, feeding problems, and many more.
1	Small, stylish, tons of features
0	Expensive, large!
0	lousy service in the Detroit area
1	bigger screen, buttons; better battery; screensaver; Internet; more personal ringtones, profiles; uses old Nokia stuff
0	Slow shutter speed sometimes.
1	Excellent pictures, easy to use
0	Battery life, square design, lack of standard ringers and backgrounds, reception.
1	Great software, powerful functions.
0	Display small
0	Have to buy the battery recharger
0	Ink Jet Cartridges are Expensive
1	Price, photo quality, ease of use.
0	everything
1	rotating LCD, lens attachments, durable, it's a SONY
1	All the features the average user needs, nice color screen, changable faceplates
1	Simplicity, cord bundle, Photo Quality
1	Easy to use, floppy diskette storage, battery life
0	low number of pictures stored
1	Nice colors, easy to use software
0	Slow scanner.
1	Under $200, Great Reception, No display to crack, No antenna to break or bend
1	See Writeup
0	chokes on large image files, driver software needs better interface
0	VERY LOUD paper feed.
1	Reliable, light, long battery time
0	none yet
0	not for taking pictures of kids
1	looks cool
1	Internet surfing ability and people think you are Captain Kirk
1	Great pictures, 3.34 megapixels produce great printout up to 8 by 10, Durable, Great interface
1	Color Screen
0	no USB, flash quality/red eye
1	Pretty displays, SIM Card, Polyphonic ringtones
0	AC power adapter is poorly designed
0	Misaligned viewfinder, software doesn't "talk" to the camera
1	two in one, small, sleek, sexy
1	Excellent quality pictures and small size.
0	cost
0	unclear pictures, wait time, battery use, 
1	camera... only $30 w/ Sprint's special offer
0	It's not a Mavica but for the price it's good enough
0	better options available
1	Slim, durable, good sound quality, decent battery life for such a small unit
0	I wish the battery lasted longer; rural living doesn't allow for clarity
1	easy to use
1	affordable, easy to use, great pictures, 3 flash settings,quality company
1	double sided printing, speed
1	Great photos, small and compact, a lot of features, meets all of the criteria I look for
1	PostScript Level 2 emulation, speed, compatibility, print quality
0	None for what I need the camera for.
1	Great battery life, and compatibility with a lot of 3rd party accessories
0	May be inconvenient if you don't want to use a Palm device.
1	*Feel and look.
1	inexpensive, great printing
0	Software teething pains better, but still not perfect.
0	trying to answer messages can be difficult.
0	power button placement, lens cap not attached
0	Horrible battery life, Slow, Mediocre resolution
0	Screen impossible to see outdoors.
1	Appearance/Features
1	Small size, ease of use, clear controls
1	Great for baby and toddler
1	Excellent detail, superb resolution, prints suppose to last from 140-200 years, USB and parallel.
0	price, wheels 
1	Great for home use, good color, dependable as any out there, individual ink colors.
1	Inexpensive and quiet
0	Processor seems to have some software glitches.
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
0	cartridges are still expensive (shop around)
0	Loves to eat Batteries!
1	Picture quality, price, two sided copies
0	grahic clarity fair
1	dual usage
1	Ease of Use, and Great Shots
0	Priced a bit high, but worth every penny.
1	small size, price
0	Battery life, flash card eject
0	Poor quality control, single mode (digital), high vulnerability to moisture, very low reliability.
0	Doesnt come with rechargables.
0	Camera has been in the shop three times in the first year.
0	Horizontal bands happen too often
1	very user friendly, right price for the service. good for young people
1	Lots of features, fun to use
1	Looks, Desirability, Screen
1	Price/Performance
0	Young there is none!
0	Cost of accessories, no hot shoe
1	Top quality at everything it does.  The digital camera functions are unbeleivable.
1	Inexpensive, Easy to use
0	Horrible sound quality and reception.  Lots of dropped calls.
0	A little "plasticy" in feel.  Red eye reduction mode doesn't work very well.
1	Super quiet 2 sided printing
1	great shot quality, easy to use, many photo options
0	Price
0	The reception with ATT could be better. But its good enough.
0	None so far!
0	NO FRILLS LIKE COLORS OR PICTURES
1	excellent image quality, good features, falling price
0	Poor Battery life, Poor Keypad contacts,&#13;&#10;Poor Quality Control
0	Priced a bit high, but now well within reason, lacks advanced PDA features
0	Not exactly the most &quot;high-tech&quot; of phones currently available.
1	Good value for cost
0	Battery Drainer extreme, LCD wont work all the time.
1	sharp pictures, great prints, easy to use, compact size
0	phonebook does not alphabetize
0	Rechargeable batteries a must. Needs additional memory card
0	photo's take a LONG time to download
1	clear, small, lightweight
1	small, light weight, easy to carry
0	Doesn't save settings in auto mode, eats alkalines, camera strap anchor in bad location.
0	attenna
0	Phone seems kinda funky sometimes? Terrible battery!
0	The camera is a little heavy and it has an optical zoom of only 2x.
0	Very bad phone menu, bad options, bad software design.
1	portable, take it anywhere, just pop in and go
0	Plasticky, no swivelling LCD, battery guzzler &amp; hot during operation
1	Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
0	Noisy and sluggish
0	Camera grainy in low light, lacks 2.5mm jack, no mass-storage USB mode, fingerprints, keypad
0	Poor manual, phone book does not alphabetize, OEM battery life a bit short.
0	Price, A little larger than other cameras.
1	beautiful photo quality prints of all sizes, and it's under $100 
1	Strong, Dependable, and Inexpensive
1	Convenient,affordable,
1	Print quality, price
0	Signal loss, echo, no web capability
0	Plastic Face plates!
1	cost,image resolution/quality, software bundle
0	Ink from HP expensive, Memory Card upload speed is very slow.  Paper tray is small.
0	none for the price
1	Floppy Drive
0	"I'm sorry, could you repeat that?" "Say again?" "What was that?" "Huh?"
0	Heavy,and hard to turn.
0	Too many performance issues (see detailed review).
1	quality images, good design, simple
0	none at this time
1	price, performance
0	Uses too much ink, poor black text when using color cartridge, feeds paper poorly
1	excellent, easy to use digital that will give you professional results for a small price
0	Cost of paper, poor documentation
1	Multi-purpose, great design, fast and small
1	The jewel of Nikon's famed interchangeability
1	More megapixels, more zoom, better features, great lens.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	none so far. I love this phone!!!
1	Voice Clarity, Features, Price
0	Battery life, quality sux, no games
0	Poor use of screen space.  Not the loudest standard talk volume.  Poor mp3 volume ranges.
0	Not Enough SmartMemory
1	Easy, very portable, has everything I need
1	cheap, light, clear, easy to use menus, cool covers
1	Small size
0	It eats batteries up fast 
1	Can be used worldwide, inexpensive camera phone
0	Annena breaks easy but not needed. Large compare to new flip phones.
1	speed, quality, dependability
0	It doesn't have games. Not as many accessories as other phones.
0	Battery life &amp;amp; Download time.
1	Functions well
0	Red Eye with flash.  
0	noisy, very slow, high maintenance
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
1	Good software and technical assistance
0	Small video, no viewfinder, sony mem sticks are expensive!
1	It look nice and small enough to carry around in pocket but has poor functionality.
1	Easy to use
0	Low volume, bad pic & screen resolution, not very reliable.
0	Batteries bad
0	battery life
1	A great "have-it-with-you-all-the-time" camera!
1	Color Screen, Internet, speaker phone
0	Heavy, bulky camera, slow taking pictures
0	Prints somewhat slowly, USB cable not included.
0	Heavier than some cell phones.
1	Value, Color, Cost
0	poor picture quality...very poor
0	none
1	A dream to drive, light, compact, quality all the way
0	Bluetooth can be very tempramental, slow data transfer, meagre built in memory.
0	Slow color printer, expensive ink refills
0	NONE (I will let you know if any come up)
1	Size, Weight, White Backlight, signal
1	Bluetooth, price, AMAZING features
0	Noisy, Inefficient, Takes to long to load
1	Very easy to use right out of the box
0	Uses Ink Faster Than Any Other Printer I've Seen., Bulky.
0	no zoom
0	battery starts to die after about a year, but is easily replaced
0	Exspensive Ink!
1	Great performance...Crisp printing...Prints 5 ppm
0	- none
0	might loose it
1	Compact and sturdy case, USB Connection, Inexpensive 2 megapixel camera
0	not so easy to fold down with attachments, width
0	Noisy and Power Hog.
1	Works good for basic things
1	Slim, light phone, good reception, great graphics and functions.
0	Yields Dark Images Occasionally
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
1	Durable. Lots of storage. Gets the job done.
1	good connection when talking with others
1	2&amp;quot; Digital Screen which turns 180 degrees, Precise Clarity, Easy to Use
1	The smallest (so far)
0	Not compatible with Windows ME
1	free walky-talky system
0	need a printer to get pictures right away
1	Standard Floppy Disks for media storage, Great quality, Ability to take lots of pictures for a little price and determine which pictures to print
1	Creative phone covers.
0	none so far
0	only 9 ring styles, no games (like nokia)
1	Value for money and range of functions
1	you can throw it againts a wall and it still works {kind of}
0	slow download time
0	Slooooooooow, HUGE, doesn't come w/required USB cable.
1	External LCD, Looks great
1	Voice dialing, name dialing - no difficulty recognizing speech
0	weak flash, weak macro &amp; price
0	Digital isn't film.
0	Long wait between taking pictures, bad coloring, takes long to download pics
1	Battery life, utility, construction.
1	Great photo quality. Easy to use point&amp;shoot with nice zoom. Webcam
0	Tempermental with AC adapter, picky about lighting conditions
0	Modal menu system sometimes leaves you wondering how to get to a certain feature.
1	The phone is lightweight and fits into the palm of my hand
0	Doesn't feel as sturdy as some flip phones
0	due to popularity in my area,ink cartridges are sometimes hard to find
1	Gorgeous design, magenta color and excellent reception. Easy bluetooth pairing with a Mac.
1	picture quality excellent
1	Price, ease of use, clarity of print
0	Black text could be better, ink runs out kind of fast
1	Great Printer
0	flimsy, does not hold up well.
1	reliable product
1	Great reception, better camera, good looks, Bluetooth
1	small, fits well in your hands, auto mode takes good simple pictures for a beginner
1	Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
0	clip on it does not stay hooked to what ever you clip it on
1	Quality, attractive
1	inexpensive, nice LCD display with decent options
0	Only 15 pictures at a Time!
0	none
1	Low Price, Very easy to setup, Excellent print quality
1	FLASH PATH
1	Small size, durable, packed with features. Has a vibrate alert.
0	Video feature is pretty useless
0	Hard to open flip No power button No Belt clip / holder
1	Nice size and very compact.
0	not much price movement, brand is not as well known as others
0	If you buy it in S. Korea all the instructions will be in Japanese.
0	- packaged batteries, - packaged Flash Card (16mb)
0	too big for jeans, cheap doors, red eye indoors
1	Smaller, user friendly phone with direct connect
1	Ease of use
1	Better than sending smoke signals.&#13;&#10;Battery has decent life, good sound quality.
1	Right Size, Great Features, HP Quality
0	Grip a little awkward for large hands.
1	Ultra Nice Quality, Flexible Print Media, Long Lasting Ink Tanks
0	it breaks,
1	Lightweight and small
1	Size, sleek appearance, ease of use, features
1	Small enough to carry in your pocket, good image quality, stylish
1	Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
1	Excellent value & only weighs 6 ozs.
1	Prices and Picture Quality
1	- good reception. I seem to get a signal on this phone where many other Verizon users get none. This  ...
1	Double sided printing, print quality especially on photos, tool-box, ease of use, speed using USB
0	Warm up time.  Tech support!
0	Flimsy antenna which has already broken on mine!
0	Quality of picture
1	thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
1	Small, battery lasts long, fun rings to download!
0	Not very many faceplate options
1	EASY TO USE, AND GOOD QUALITY PICTURES
1	7x Zoom, 5Meg Pixel, Fully Manual Control over everything
1	lightweight, looks nice, changeable rubber and plastic faces...
0	Only an 8mb flash card. A little pricey.
1	nice the first 3-4 months
1	The absolute BEST of quality in all aspects.
1	Great design! User friendly picture taking.
1	very user-friendly
0	none yet
1	Playback of pictures saved on a floppy
0	Weak flash, may be difficult to use for large hands
1	Works well for 9-12 weeks;
1	High quality camera. GPS. WIFI. Light, compact design. Easy to sync.
0	Urmmmmm... I'll think about it... The flash.
1	Blue backlighting, outer LCD, large active inner screen, Cheap (~$99 currently)
0	It does require a little effort on your part......
1	Small footprint, good speed, low operating cost.
0	Goes dead often with lens still extended
1	Big screen, long battery life, voice recorder and themes
0	Total disaster, Kyocera warranty scam
1	reliable, prints well, switches between fax and printer mode with no problems
1	Floppy Storage,Quick Editing,Easy to use
1	BIG storage, easy fold up
0	Loud, off brand cartridges have clogging problem, reset after running out of paper
0	Clunks and slow at initial start of printing
1	Size, Features, Great Image Quality, Sony Brand
0	Phone heats up after long usage.
0	Too big for my small desk
0	Battery life, USB/Smart Media Card
0	NO Optical zoom only digital, zoom eats batteries
0	Duplexing cuts speed drastically
0	Small Ink Cartridge
1	Clear, crisp print.  Quiet operation. Decent Value. Small footprint.
0	takes a little longer to read and understand some of the programing, needs a better written manual but you can get it
1	Reliable, well made, great features, FREE!
0	The cost of the paper and print cartridge!
1	size, sound quality, weight.
1	Cheap Cartridges
1	good display, sleek, light weight, good reception,
0	No USB download capability.  Need USB SmartMedia reader.
1	Good Output,individual color cartridges.
0	no LCD display
0	Very slow, easy to scratch, low battery life
0	focus problems,  pixelization, color separation, major shutter lag medium light
0	External flash provisions not good.
1	cheap, high quality printing
0	Frames per second are a little slower than what it should be!
1	Easy to use, efficient little machine that does the job well.
0	Lens cover not attached by a cord, so could be easily lost.
1	Speaker phone, sound quality
0	Ink is a little expensive , Had to download software to run with XP
1	A Reliable printer; Inexpensive
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and frequent problems
1	great price, great color prints
0	low picture quality, short battery life
0	Eats batteries,controls could be simpler, and what's up with the lens cover?
1	easy to use and no memory card
0	T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
1	It has speakerphone, text messaging, and a color display
1	Good clarity, excellent standby reception.
1	Features and price.
1	Solitaire, small and portable
0	Battery direction markings hard to read 
1	Picture quality, ease of use
1	Design and color; MP3 player with external controls; 3G
1	Easy to use.  Easy to upload to Mac.
1	decent printer
0	the price (you have to pay for good quality)
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Doesn't take photos well at night.
1	Text output is sharp, color pictures are good.
0	None
1	Great battery life & convenience of speakerphone
0	Sometimes takes more than 1 sheet of paper but there is a fix.
1	Excellent print quality
1	All the basic features needed.  USB interface.
1	Simple and solid.  No whiz-bang junk to break or malfunction.
0	discontinued
1	easy, point and shoot, good quality pictures
0	software, speaker, production quality overall.
1	Hahaha! Fast! Colorful! 
0	None if it didn't break.
0	zoom, sm card, 
1	Price, features, appearance, battery life, locking features
1	Easy to use
0	Underwater housing does not allow full control, not as sharp as most 4 MP cameras
1	Picture quality. Extra functions allowing user created shots not just point and click.
0	have to be very still to take a great picture.
0	price, size of basket
1	Good Software feature
0	Flash is a bit weak.
1	Excellent performance, longevity
0	AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL menu system.
0	Aperture priority is limited, very proprietary, no continuous mode and only one focus zone.
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
1	Lens, Fully Automatic, Fantastic Photos
1	Size, portability when necessary.
0	Everything else
1	Weight, Style, and Worldwide Roaming
1	Quick and easy to use.
0	Everything else possible
0	No built in flash synch capability, no extra add on lenses yet
1	Compact size, Color screen, Speaker phone, Easy learning curve
0	Poor quality, no flash, outdoor pictures only.
1	Initial cost, good image output, easy install
0	Poor manufacture and durability.
1	Highest resolution I could find for the price!  Real glass lens!
1	The phone is small and sleek, has great reception and great features.
1	excellent photos, CF memory, point-and-click
1	Great call quality&#13;&#10;Nice form factor&#13;&#10;Voice dialing works great
0	Uses the 4 AA batteries up FAST!!, Camera is Heavy
0	kinda weak flash
0	Slow and noisy, uses a lot of ink.
0	None I can think of
0	17 lbs, high price tag ($300), takes up whole trunk in our mid-size car.
0	average text output (won't be confused with laser)
1	Simplistic, it does the job without all the stupid frills that
0	Slow color printing when you want good quality, doesn't listen.
0	Cheap plastic (rear &amp; cf door), odd tripod mount
1	Light, sleek design, color screen, status light, external caller ID
0	Short battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
1	Size, bluetooth capability
1	Very Versatile, Easy to Use and Read Display, Dependable, Well Made.
1	Good battery life
0	No AC adapter, only 4MB card
0	none
1	Portability: can easily slip it in a pocket
1	Great software , easy to use, the best printing I've seen on an inkjet
1	Not very heavy
1	excellent image quality, pretty good zoom lens, usb interface, video out port
1	great photos, good price
1	Small and Light
0	high price, bad quality
0	Occasional paper jams.
0	It falls apart after 4 months and it becomes to heavy to carry
0	Expensive cartridges, replaced too often
0	movie-mode has no sound
1	Inexpensive and stylish
1	Small size, 4.0 Megapixels, can record video, 
1	external display, size
0	Poor battery life, costly, only 256 colors.
1	Small compact
0	Ok construction, poor close up quality, HORRIBLE USER interface
1	Very sexy package, great sharp text
0	The rechargeable batteries are expensive. (But you only need two!)
0	Lens cap isn't so stable. Try not to drop it!!
0	Reception, Volume Level, Battery indicator
1	easy to use, removable/ replaceable memory card, LCD screen...
1	Great battery life (Ni-MH), Good quality photos, Relatively small
1	Easy to use
1	Good Picture
0	Settings not always easy to change.
0	Don't have any at this time!
0	It's a toy and then not even that... toy phones ring louder!!!!
0	Size, digital viewfinder, Only comes with a 16MB memory stick.
1	Larger format, fast when it works
1	Price, color screen
0	Cost
1	Compact, speedy downloads, crisp and clear images
1	Clear printing quality, smooth paper loading, great price
1	Great overall camera
0	loud, slow, uses lots of ink, prints not 100% reliable both for texts or photos
0	expensive consumables, like most inkjets
1	Handles beautifully, lighter than most full-size strollers
1	rugged, very nice screen, superb speakerphone and noise cancelling, excellent battery life
0	Battery Life, No Microdrive support, Must get AC adapt Sep.
1	CarlZeiss glass lens, 5MP, records to CD-RW, reasonable lag time, large LCD viewfinder
0	Maneuvering interface is cumbersome and slow.
1	It is a great Phone
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
0	Digital zoom, 8MB memory stick, enter button, usb/video out cover.
0	Cost and complexity of instruction book.
0	Battery life, no zoom, quirky menu system
0	Harder to use in low light
0	Missing zoom, few zippy features
0	The phone is larger then the newest most advanced phones.
1	small, lightweight, can hold a LOT of pictures with 128 meg memory stick, video feature.
1	USB cables, LCD screen
0	size - a little larger than most
1	Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	3-6 Refills For Only $38.00!!
0	Ink is expensive and this is an ink eater!
0	Occasionally mis-focuses some subjects in autofocus mode
1	large color screen, decent battery, looks nice, cheap
0	expensive ink cartridges, no cables included
1	Clear, Easy to Use, Many Settings
1	Easy to use, has zoom lens, hold a lot of pictures.
1	Signal reception
0	Maybe a little small for hubbies bigger fingers.
1	It IS a digital camera! 
1	Good Quality Pictures
1	Sleek, fast and great photo prints
0	should come with an AC adapter
1	price, great zoom capability, great pic. resolution
1	Extremely small and light, Bright color screen, full-featured, great sound quality and battery life
1	Easy to use, nice crisp shots, good color, lots of advanced features.
1	great picture quality
1	light weight, excellent phonebook, color changing backlight, good reception (depends somewhat on service provider)
1	Great Sony quality, clear images/resolution
0	Large  printer.
0	Speed, Build Quality
1	Great reception , high quality of sound, calendar, reliability, tough.
0	Rubber earphone cover difficult to remove, Doesn't sync time and date, "Cute" styling :)
0	0.31 Megapixel, no macro focus
1	none
0	a little noisy in colour print mode
0	multiple page pickup. paper skews are often if not picked up properly
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, lots of storage.  
0	no color screen, on/off button, may be a little too small for some people
1	lightweight and fairly compact
1	sleek, small, light weight
1	Looks like a spaceship. Fairly durable. Can't see it unless using a microscope.
1	Killer prints especially on Photo Paper
1	Nice, easily read screen, good reception, thoughtfully designed, easy & accurate voice dialing
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	CompactFlash compartment; very hard to get the memory back out.
0	long charge time, the "enter" key is hard to use.
1	Sturdy, good-looking, easy to use, helpful features
1	Two words: Manual Mode.
1	Voice Dial, Vibration and/or Ring, Web accessibility
1	Minolta holds its own against a new HP product - offers affordable Color printing.
0	none
1	Easy to use, Works on a Windows or Macintosh Computer, comes with all cables.
0	Shorter battery life and questions re: long-term durability
0	Low battery life, quality of pictures, design
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	Small easy to use.  The color screen is great also.
1	Fast, efficient
0	Can't charge battery in camera
1	Inexpensive, fairly good quality, works as digicam and web cam
1	Need i say more
0	Doesn't do anything well. Expensive. Really big.
1	Good reception, assignable ringtones, easy to read screen and navigation, good bat life
1	Excellent duplication, Well documented on the usage of product
1	Great quality for the price.
0	none so far.
1	Decent pictures for the price, light, compact.
0	The operating system is attractive and user-friendly.
1	Small, clear sounding, vibrating ringer, lithium battery, voice dialing!
0	Verizon Disabled Features
1	Top notch quality throughout - and photo quality that looks like it came out of a darkroom
1	Quiet, attractive, rugged, dependable, quality ink, separate 4x6 tray, superb printouts after software adjustment
1	everything!!
1	Great picture quality, easy to use.
1	easy, small, nice looking phone
1	Great Clarity, Phone numbers easy to access, Nice voice command
0	Battery hog
1	small, durable, dual band, built in calendar features and AOL IM,
0	No viewfinder, No external charger included
1	Nikkor lens, image quality, size, speed
0	Gimme at Least a 16MB CF Card; Firmware Occasionally Buggy
0	Took two hours to properly install; sluggish speed (especially when scanning)
0	no cons
0	closer range would be nice
0	micro sd card under battery door. Learning to transfer files a bit complicated.
0	Takes a little too long to take picture.  
1	quality, size, reliability
1	Compact, easy to use, and takes great snapshots
1	Easy to use, price is right, saves you money in the long run if you love to take pictures.   
0	No RAW mode
0	No built in camera, keypad takes some getting used to,the irritating ON/OFF button
1	Tri-band, bluetooth, color screen, great battery life.
0	Doesn't fold, unless you disassemble it, and is still extremely bulky. Only one seat position.
1	variety of ring tones, wallpapers, and visual-audial effects; backlighting; storage space; full features
1	an excellent introduction to digital photography
0	Can't look at the pics till after you put them on your computer.  
0	poor closeups, loose lens cap
0	Annoying repeat of voice telling you there is no paper, or for any type of error (luckily I've only had one error in the six months since the purchase of my machine) 
0	prints loudly
1	Small, light, well-built, nice menus and backlight.
0	Ink Cost, Paper Cost
0	Hp ink is not inexpensive.  :(
1	Easy to use, good picture quality, incredibly small size
0	Battery life, price
0	screen crackedtwice in onemonth i've owned it, light stays onfor 13secs+cant change, pricey(at Cingular), textingmaybecomeaddictive
1	Text Quality &amp;amp; Price
0	Latency between pics, size, construction flaws
0	a little difficult to see letters on keys, that's it! big problem ehh?
1	inexpensive, lightweight, small and fairly convient
1	Lots of Storage, Easy to Use, and very fun.
0	short battery life, but can be mitigated by turning off LCD screen
1	Image Quality, Connectivity, Build Quality and style, rock solid drivers
0	pop-up flash, short battery life, doesn't come with camera case
0	On the noisy side
1	everything
0	Low battery life compared to other phones I've owned.
1	One of the best printers on the market. 
0	Speed.
0	Indoor pictures have slight reddish cast
1	many
1	Excellent color and B&amp;W 8" X 10" prints
1	Good Quality, while it works. Top Load (No paper jams)
0	paper tends to not want to feed into the machine,  ink is expensive, not the fastest machine in the world
0	Speed, Ink Cartridge
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	USB, megapixel, mass storage, LCD preview
1	Great overall feature set at an attractive price, uses CF.
1	Great camera for the price!  
0	High priced, easy to lose (the belt clip/holster doesn't hold the phone
0	Print cartridges are expensive.
1	Easy to use
0	none
1	high quality
1	strong, beautiful,easy  to handle
0	Didn't work
1	EVERYTHING
1	Ease and quickness of handling. Good pictures. Good zoom
1	great quality, floppy disk storage, manual/auto controls
0	was expensive, not anymore
0	Corel incompatibilities
1	Nice display
0	slow to turn on, no automatic flash
0	sucks batteries when unplugged,not good for people pictures
1	Image Quality, Ease of Installation, Reduced Price ($299)!  Must Buy!
0	Only just fits through doors, no storage, not suitable for a newborn
1	Sony quality. Ease of use. Decent pictures. Loads of fun.
1	It's a Nokia
0	Reds far too red, lens cap on a string, slow 'processing' speeds
0	PRICE!!!, no expansion capabilities.
0	Can take a long time for top quality prinouts to emerge&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Lightweight, more features than other umbrella stroller, more compact than the full size models
0	Average battery life. No WAP.
1	Ease of Use, Features, Quality
1	Overall print quality, ease of use, dual paper trays, auto paper sensing
0	It gets heated up when used for 20mins. Poor battery life &amp; night-scene mode
0	drinks ink like a fish.
1	Price, USB, Size of Camera
0	Zoom control
0	None
1	Price
0	... When it wants to work
0	Paper feeding is poor over time
0	User interface is poorly designed., No USB camera-control.
0	Battery life.
0	Keys a little hard to press, no wireless web
0	Digital Zoom a little fuzzy, need to purchase a carry case.
0	A little Slow. Uses ink up fast
0	A little small. Have to find a position for your hands to grasp it.
1	Quality of Image, Ease of Use
1	Easy to use
1	easy to use,small,excellent pictures
0	poor battery and ring volume
0	Very poor battery life, runs out during the course of my normal day
0	Still comes with only a 8MB CF card
0	Only Windows compatible, a bit noisy, no On/Off button, no manual paper feed slot
1	Affordable
0	Instruction manual must be downloaded from the web (PDF).
0	No Wireless Web, huge antenna
0	More expensive than other &amp;quot;home&amp;quot; printers, hard to find in stock, sleek design may look out of place with your other boring components
0	See above
0	slow processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
1	Faster Than Average Printing, Easy To Use &amp; It's An HP!
0	a little heavy to clip on that hot little Friday night outfit!
0	2x zoom, proprietary battery is expensive, lack of manual control, weak flash
1	excellent reception, sturdy, and light weight
1	A Good Home Use Printer Backed By HP Quality And Support
0	Not Much
0	No speakerphone
1	Compact, great pictures, value
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	great pictures, no connection needed to download, saves to disk
1	Inexpensive, great text quality.
0	USB cord not included, loud mechanism, poor web drivers. 
1	Small size, good signal reception, stylish, easy to read screen, more
1	Overall Good Camera for the $$
1	Reliable, Good Phone
0	NONE!
0	Price could be better
0	takes a few seconds longer than some other digital cameras to review pictures using the +/- buttons
1	Bluetooth, Speaker phone, Big Address Book, Camera and Camcorder, FREE, seems to be solid phone.
0	sucks the battery juice, no zoom
1	works with the touch of a button
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Buggy manfacture provided software required to print. Poor paper loading tray design. Jams easily.
1	One-handed folding is a breeze!
1	speed, price
1	Cheap, decent quality
0	Long range zoom photos are not as clear.
1	Easy menu options, functional features
0	I can't really think of anything wrong
0	Uses memory sticks (expensive). Proprietary battery. Insufficient memory, no case or spare battery as standard.
1	The screen, sound quality
0	None!
0	Not user friendly, bad reception, too pricey
1	Great picture quality, nice look and features
0	operating system is not intuitive, quiet ringer, WEIRD keypad
0	somewhat flimsy cover, no PC connection
1	Looks great. Very small & light-weight. Lots of features. External display.
0	Basic.
0	Reception, battery life
1	low initial price
1	Multifunction
1	size and form factor
0	Poorly designed
0	ink cartridges are pricey
1	Great phone book,Great Reception,Size,&#13;&#10;Voicedialing,Battery life
0	A bit large
1	Good prints, works with XP
0	Everything else!
0	battery usage high, availability of accessories low
0	no caller ID
1	Easy to use and battery stays charged for a long time
1	Amazing pictures
1	Compact, cost-effective, EXCELLENT quality and resolution
0	Short battery life. Sub-par signal strength. Not upgradable to 1xRTT network.
0	none
1	extremely versatile, best print quality on portable printer market, small and lightweight
1	Print quality images and 157meg CD file storage for large file archive.
1	Small, nice solid flip, lots of features.
1	Incredibly small, nice featured
0	BIG. BIG Big. Huge vibrating battery. Poor audio. Poor microphone.
0	Hissing in the earpiece
1	good calling service, good features, more games, good graphics
0	Customer service are outright rude and obnoxious.
0	None
0	Size, Shakiness on full zoom
1	Good shape. Decent price
1	Good quality prints.  Great price for what it can do.
0	No color
0	hard to dial
1	Excellent image quality, excellent low light images
0	Cannot complete a conversation due to drop outs.
0	Tempermental
0	None
0	the noise
0	Floppy doesn't hold much, low light photos can be grainy (but often fixable)
1	Easy SMSing and design.
1	Print Quality Very Good 
0	Slow preview mode and start-up, substantial price
0	Discontinued model. 
0	cheap casing, 16MB card
0	optical viewfinder can sometimes be misleading
0	definitely not high-end
1	speed, quality, name
1	Cheap and good text printing
0	Large foot print. Quality (non-output) issues. 
1	price, ease, disk adapter, easy to use
1	Very inexpensive, good pictures, fairly easy to use
0	Doesn't work with heavy kids. Seat doesn't lay very flat
0	fragile battery charger, poor reception, dropped calls, bad warranty
0	depending on company, prices!
0	Horrible quality phone.
0	Inks are pricey
1	It came with softwear
1	cartridges won't put a whole in your wallet, it is small, dual cartrage system
1	Ease of use - definately
1	Fast Printing, inexpensive
0	Needs more rings before going to voicemail -- not adjustable
0	Battery Life
0	It doesn't work
1	Travel system, comfy, rides nice
1	Fast
1	Good picture quality, Easy to handle, Lightweight, Good Price.
0	I just bought it on Friday and I can't download.
1	Lightweight, good speaker phone, nice user interface, good battery
0	Big, clunky, heavy, low battery life
0	This camera would not work on 3 different computers without purchasing a powered USB hub.
1	Incredible ISO rating, easy, cheap, lcd panel
1	speakerphone, caller ID, small in size, each caller has own ringtone
1	Inexpensive, tough, small enough to fit in pocket, excellent flash, easy to use.
1	Easy to Use, Great Quality, All that you'd expect from an HP
0	Battery Life &amp;amp; Information Display Accuracy
0	Mundane styling, accessories not widely available, menus can be confusing
0	reception, color, weight, low volume
0	Slightly larger size
0	slow printing
0	slow, but hey, you're printing a PHOTO
1	Included rechargeable Lithium Ion Battery pack, USB connection, Plenty of features.
1	Very user friendly
1	Relatively fast, decent photo quality
1	Low price for 3MegaPix camera.  Easy to use. Uses only 2 AA batteries.
0	Menu lag, Cost, Web/Music bugs, average resolution/small display, no flash, no external LED, crappy camera
0	Propietary batteries, poor battery life.
0	poor performance
1	Individual ink tanks, less expensive
0	none
0	Awkward manual exposure setting - You'd better be prepared to buy an AC Adapter
1	Inexpensive, voice dialing, nice interface,
0	Does not feel durable, earpiece volume not very loud.
1	Fun to play with; excellent mp3 player; good digital video
0	requires putting on a lens cover cap, slow shutter speed for fast picture taking
0	No zoom.  Cheapish plastic body.  Does not come with memory card.
0	price associated with paper/ink
0	agfa lies about product specs
1	Crisp sound, fun games, excellent battery life
1	compact,color screen, lots of ringtones, download ringer from phone
0	Can occasionally take some time to get the printouts.
0	Ink tanks are moderately expensive.
0	Battery life, reception, AT&T Wireless
0	Too Bulky
1	Durability.  Interface design.
0	Crummy viewfinder; Dim LCD; terrible low-light performance
1	size, good reception
0	Customer Service
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
1	Good quality 
1	Easy to use and setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Cute, Sleek, Versatile
0	Bad reception/internal antenna, navigation hard to use, uncomfortable for ear, hard to open.
0	slow, print quality poor
1	Great print quality, reliable and easy to set up. 
0	out of every 10 or so uses, it has a printing error
0	battery comes off easily, turns off on its own
1	All in one device, simple and straightforward to use.
0	Driver installment
1	excellent value, simple to use, has features only found in more expensive cameras
1	Great price, great photo quality color copies/scans, great value!!
1	Generally easy to use; great pictures
1	Video w/ sound, nice pics, good looking and EASY to figure out!
1	Clear, nice size, (I don't like too small phones), low price
0	Battery life, phone book not alphabetized, no clock.
1	Very light and easy to use
0	poor reception.
0	difficult to open; not sturdy; transmission clarity; reception
0	Not much storage, zaps batteries
1	beautiful print quality
1	Ease of use, convenience of floppy storage, display, optical zoom, interface
0	they don't give them away
0	Not always recognizing voice command
1	Nice toy for the looks.
0	Basket too small
1	Fast, great print quality, easy to set up and use
0	Not flashy, if you're into that sort of thing.  Just a good, reliable phone.
1	Small,superb styling
1	Rich and vibrant colours. Cheap.
1	ultra-compact design, easy to use
1	Size, Weight, Link to your comp.
0	Slippery, low volume, poor usability/navigation, weak backlight, Bluetooth optimized for Motorola headsets only.
1	Many Features, Many Options, CONVERSATIONAL PIECE!
0	basket not accessible when used as travel system
1	light weight, stylish, 3 position recline, fully reclines, one-hand folding, parent tray, large storage basket
0	Hassle getting into and out of trunk
1	Hi resolution and manual controls
1	See list of 10
1	Durable, easy to use, phone book
0	Too large to wear at the waist; battery life is rather short.
0	Poor battery performance, terrible reception
1	Good Quality Pictures, Nice Zoom
0	This printer is strictly for printing on Matte papers...other then that it's completely useless...
1	Tough, Great Quality, Great Features, Awesome!
1	Small and light weight, good camera, sharp/color screen, tons of features, good joystick
1	no hassle, just works well
0	No outside on/off buttons to start the MP3 player.
1	Many different setting choices, can delete what you do not like off the disk, get to preview pictures.
1	Small, cute
1	Good functions, easy to use, fun wall papers.
1	ease of use, quality, price
1	Great printer, great price, easier fit for a crowded desk area
1	Great signal in NYC area, crisp and clear sound, great color screen
0	- Image colours slightly pale
0	red eye issues, the focus is sometimes weird
0	large size
1	Pull up antenna, voice dial, screen easy to read, dust covers for headphone/memory card slots.
1	the only pro I can come up with is that the color screen is pretty
1	Camera, audio recorder, calendar, notes, customizable themes, good reception, clear audio
0	The only con is that it doesn't come with battery charger
0	Autofocus has problems in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
0	horrible installation
0	Poor connection quality. Tested with other phones on the verizon network. Poor software!!
0	none
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	a little slow, difficult to use in low light.
0	Expensive cartridges (approx. $30/ea.)
1	easy to turn, open and close, and light weight
1	excellent price, excellent features (that work as promised!), excellent photo quality!!!
0	Price
0	no basket, doesn't fully recline and not as sturdy or comfy as the expensive brands
1	Cheap price, good color quality
0	Not many advanced features, low battery life
0	Fairly noisy
1	This printer is very affordable and the ink cartridges are easy to install.
1	Quick, quiet, easy to install
0	A little slower than I would like.
0	Loses reception very easily.
1	easy to read screen, lightweight and compact
1	very roomy, long lasting
0	GSM service quality lacking; key lock can overcomplicate your navigation
1	high quality, quality printing in color and black and white, increase printer cartridge volume
0	None
1	Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
1	fast, quiet, IR, great quality
1	Easy to use. Digital picture window.
1	Loud earpiece, mp3 rings, games, speakerphone, battery life
0	microphone, LCD, case, were all problem areas - i hate this phone
1	Simple operations make it easy to use.
0	saving and deleting is very slow, delay in shot being taken after you push the button
0	Noise, paper support
1	Large Screen, Camera Features+Flash, Second Battery
1	5.24 MegaPixel, Carl Zeiss optics, multiple shutter speeds, the ability to take mpeg movie clips.
0	High price not entirely justified, absence of ninjas.
1	Great color quality, fairly quick, inexpensive
0	Small, looks fragile, microphone quality, Headphone jack interference
1	Small, easy to use, dependable.
0	Just one, lag time between shots.
1	easy to use
1	Great quality pictures, size, battery life
0	Batt life only slightly above average, voice dial recognized only by one user.
1	price, features
0	None
1	Ease of Operation,  memory stick film media, versatility, image quality, extremely portable
1	Slim, small, light, practical, fit in any pocket without you noticing it.
1	Good camera for the price.  Uses AA batteries; good battery life.
0	poor quality photos, minimum pictures
1	Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
0	Too expensive compared to 930C
1	Its cheap
1	Size, looks, features, intelligent design.
1	Very easy to use, not too bulky.
0	Battery life is so poor it makes it prohibitive to use.
1	Portability can't be beat
1	The HP 712c is a great product for the money.
1	See above
1	Tiny, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
1	Small enough to handle easily
1	Nice picture quality. Decent price ($260)
1	Small size and compactness, ease of use, IRDA connectivity
0	poor quality on photo's
0	Unreliable, unusable images at times
1	Easy to use, Images saved on a floppy disc
1	small, cheap
0	none
1	Very easy to use,Inexpensive,Great pics.
1	Excellent pictures, small package
1	Affordable, Excellent Quality Output, Does not jam
1	Easy to use; no paper jams; decent quality
1	great camera,
0	Only expect a couple of months of use
1	Easy To Use
0	Pricey, battery life, inconsistent signal
1	Looks, display, battery, microphone, features
1	4MP, Large LCD, Digital Zoom, Flash Options, Movie Options
1	Sleek, lightweight, no need to bring a separate camera
1	Ease of use, great quality pictures, variety of choices
1	Includes easy to use camera and mp3 audio player.  Decent voice/sound quality.  Decent reception.
1	great quality for the money
1	Easiest phone to use, once learned.&#13;&#10;Awsome quality, durability, and battery.
1	For those who want a no-think, just-shoot camera, look no further
0	Expensive, Poor Eye-Relief viewfinder, No Spot Meter, No ISO 50 setting
1	Easier than it looks, Good quality, Instant prints, Fun !
0	slightly grainy prints.
1	None
1	many features, looks fancy
0	battery
1	Takes Amazingly Good Pictures - Auto Exposure Works - Precise Focus
1	convenience, affordable
1	Perfect pictures, easy to use
0	None
1	Good size, great reception, easy to use menus
1	Relatively lightweight for a double stroller. Ease of use. Comfortable for the kids.
0	very slow, loads one sheet at a time
0	none
1	Its light, Its bright, and fun!
1	Quick printing, Takes up very little desk space, reliable.
1	Decent resolution, good quality, ease of use
0	Non-treaded wheels, No canopy secure strap when carrying, basket to small.
0	no optical zoom
0	Poor Image Quality
0	Some ergonomics/design issues
1	PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	Print quality, speed
0	None that I have seen so far
0	none so far
1	The print quality and the fact that it can print many sizes of paper. 
1	price, software
0	a bit heavy
1	durable, really easy to use
1	Photo color &amp; clarity, flip-out LCD screen, remote included
0	Pricey
0	it comes with basics only, so you pay more to add ringtones, games, accessories
1	Great picture quality, cheap printer!
0	Proprietary Connector, Reception, Bad Camera, Slowness
0	short battery life, sensitive to signal strength.
1	FM Radio built in, included headset and belt clip
0	NONE AT ALL!!!
1	Fast, reliable, good print quality
1	Affordable, uses standard EOS lenses, nearly unsurpassable image quality, features.
1	HIGH quality, lightning speed downloads, easy to use
0	hard to change settings from e-mail to regular photos
1	Looks pretty
1	Stylish looking and sleek
1	Excellent print quality, card reader, portable
0	A little pricey right now.
1	Photos just like from a print shop! Great speed, easy to use.
0	Expensive
1	Awesome quality, no cords, floppy disk feature is great!
0	1. The spontaneous freezing
1	Great images, software, and most of all great price for the quality.
0	grainy pictures, no LCD, only holds 24 pics, no removable memory.
0	horrid battery life, can't download ringtones, don't leave the interstate
0	if using for several hours in a row, it tends to get a bit hot.
0	Internal memory small, camera case not include
0	Easily-activated keypad, although that can be overridden with an easy-to-find KeyGuard that turns them off.
0	Battery doesn't last long, memory is tight
0	Cleaning heads can be troublesome, no Linux support
1	Decent quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
0	Small, case creaks in my ear, drops calls, looks like bar of soap, unresponsive buttons
0	somewhat lengthy downloading time, constant battery replacement...
1	price, automation and picture quality
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, good quality photos.
0	Battery Life
0	Really none, when you look at the results
1	Size, that's about it.
1	Great print Great price
0	Delayed Setup; Need To Buy Accessories
0	Can't replace faceplate on your own or you void warranty; must pay Nokia $35
0	This thing eats batteries alive. 
1	Reasonable price, good features for the money
0	Battery life. No Case. Look over the LCD before buying. Only 8MB compact flash card.
1	Very small, portable
1	Color Screen, Interesting Keypad, Ringer Selection and Sound
1	Easy, cheap, fun
0	Delicate, has broken a few times, lacks features like full recline, tray or cup holder.
1	Great Print Quality
1	Inexpensive, good pictures in good lighting conditions
1	great size, speakerphone, silver look, color screen
0	ink, paper feed problems
0	none
1	It takes pictures, easy to use
0	None!
1	Light for a double stroller.  Comfy, well-padded seats.  Easy to steer.
0	none
0	Doesn't handle wind well.  The phone adapter pops off too easily.
1	Large Screen, Reception, Software
1	Unsurpassed quality for pictures
0	no games, no alarm, not for teenagers
0	Music player, expensive Verizon Media downloads.
1	Great printer for a great price
0	ink refills cost too much
0	initial price, text print slow, poor text print on plain paper
0	battery LIFE!
0	Printer cartridges are expensive
0	none
0	none!
0	costly, tiny buttons, housing wears out easy
1	good paper feeding, long-lasting ink, helpful print options
0	Irritating the Common Users
0	Banding on the bottom of 81/2X11 photos, B&amp;W photos have a greenish cast
1	Great Picture Quality, compact
0	ghosting still occurs
0	poor design, only Kodak can repair it.
0	Not a thing.
0	Keylock necessary to prevent unwanted calls.  Needs side volume adjustment.
1	Small size, sound quality, ringer types, simple user interface
1	Excellent print quality in black and white as well as color
0	No vibrate-to-ring option, not for left-hand users, volume/voice dial buttons in the way
0	Signal is so poor, gives me a headache
1	MemoryStick format, USB connection, menu is easy to navigate, bright 2" LCD
1	Ease of set-up, quality of photos
1	good print quality, easy setup, USB/Parallel support
1	Great quality pictures, lots of features, inexpensive expansion
0	faulty sensor extremely slow photo printing too loud vibrates too much   printer driver problems
1	small, practical features like reminders, internet, extense memory, voice dialing, conference.
0	no program to display pictures
1	Small and durable; Takes Great Photos; 3x Optical Zoom; Easy to Use; Rechargable Battery
1	Great looks, solid overall build quality
1	Good quality for the price
1	Easy to use, compact
1	Easy to use Excellent photos Many features
1	Compact, Durable, Cool Green Color, Rubber Buttons, Easy to Read
1	compact,nice looking,very good photos
1	good quality, decent speed
1	clear printing, about average print time
1	cheap, and takes pics such as they are
1	Oh man...you want me to list them all?
1	small sleek phone
1	Excellent output, silent, fast, cheap, small
0	No Viewfinder, Battery Life, Flash
0	consume batteries
1	Small, stylish, with lots of features and Automatic Call Divert
1	Good clarity, ease of use, and nicely designed.
1	Simply the best home ink jet there is
1	Quiet, fast, easy to use
1	Superb photo print quality on Epson's glossy paper; inexpensive
0	Tex quality
1	Small, Durable, Inexpensive, Effective
0	kinda heavy.
1	It is small and looks sleek and trendy.
0	Bad choice of ring tones, buttons noisy
1	good zoom features, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
0	flimsy, short handles
1	Quick. Low ink usage, Easy to set up, Looks, Quiet printing. Reasonable price, Rebate!
0	Slightly heavy, larger than other phones. Low battery life.
0	If you feed all different kinds of paper like I do, it has trouble feeding.
0	Thickness of the phone, lacks speaker phone, No PCS "Vision" capabilities (can't send/receive pictures).
0	None
0	Battery life
1	Nice design, all the basic features included, clear sound
0	Shutter lag, flash recharge time, and proprietary memory.
0	not great for photo pictures
0	none yet
1	Light weight, portable, nice pictures and A+ customer service.
1	High resolution shots, multiple shooting modes, large review screen
0	Fixed Focal Length
0	Terrible NT/Windows 2000 drivers
0	Phone has gloss-like finishing which shows fingerprints very easily.  The touch screen is sensitive.
1	Smart, easy to use, the ultimate 'lifestyle' phone
0	NONE, NONE, NONE!!!!!!!
0	Poor quality, poor voice dialing, unseemly pricing of options by Verizon, can't easily download pictures
1	Dirt cheap, fair picture quality, nice for the kids, seems sturdy enough
1	BIG color screen, durabilty, sleek, light, flip, external display
0	Flimsy, not durable, unreliable, buggy interface, poor customization options.
1	Beautiful color display and graphics; nice layout; good size and shape
1	Inexpensive, easy-to-use printer for casual printing
0	Not the best HP Product!
1	permantly stuck in downloading mode and cant be fixed
0	Everything Else!!!.....Poor quality of manufacturing and software design.
0	Difficult to get the best shots, weak (and badly positioned) flash. 
0	Brother does not have the best reputation
1	5 Stars + easy to get pictures to computer
0	Carbon unit accessory sometimes takes bad pictures with it; 640x480 res has its limits
1	Ummm...
0	Slow to start, 3X optical zoom a little slow
0	Relatively poor quality, warranty turnaround too long
1	BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP quality
1	small, voice dial, exterior ID screen, easy menu screens
0	Slippery exterior, No internet access, Non-adjustable font size, Speaker phone
1	The best PDA/Phone Combo, but a
0	Send/end button combined
0	Bad Battery Life
0	Slightly noisy feeding paper
0	Battery life, RINGER, Durability
1	Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great Software&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Can't be ran through a scanner
0	The drum kit burns light weight glossy paper, too high of heat.
1	Good size, zoom, remote, timer, comfortable neck strap
0	None so far
1	great pictures-long battery life-good software
0	NONE
1	Price, ease of use
0	short battery life
1	Phone has excellent reception and good features for the price
0	No undercarriage basket.  Could use taller handles.  Rubber footrest allows feet to touch tires..
0	Price
1	no need of a computer, USB supported
0	None that I know of!
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	Poor quality.  Bad battery life.  Poor support.
1	Small, Good Build Quality
0	expensive ink, no *nix support, crappy paper handling, USB-only
0	Software is not the best
0	Battery Life.
0	not compatible w/ WindowsNT, takes forever to warm up between snapshots, eats batteries, no zoom
1	Affordable, user-friendly 2 megapixel camera with USB interface; uses common AA batteries.
0	- Needs steady hands 
0	Software could have more features.  No AC Power Cord.
0	Ink doesn't last long
0	Still see crooked prints sometime...
0	Unreliable equipment. Breaks for no reason. 
1	Slim, light, great screen!
0	The extra "dock" costs you $70, but you don't really need it
0	WARNING DO NOT BUY- broke down 1 month after warranty expired.
0	Silent mode fails to work when receiving some calls.
1	Ideal for jogging and getting over rough terrain
0	Difficulty Handling Thicker Stock, Quirky Fax
0	3 colors are in one cartridge - must replace all to replace one.
1	Lots of features in a relatively compact package
0	bulky size - may break easily?
1	Speakerphone, lower price, voice dialing
0	Occasionally will not feed envelopes, smudges.
0	difficult to find
0	Relatively high cost in some places, Locked to a provider in some places, no data support
1	The t68i phone is feature packed.  Ringtones, backgrounds, contacts etc... can be sync'd w/ Outlook.
1	well built, solid, flip style
0	Con&amp;#146;s&amp;#9;Digital Zoom is poor and the accessories are expensive.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	mediocre sound, reception, quality.
0	It is cheap.
1	Great battery life, durability
1	Price:  Often "free" with a multi-year plan; balance of features, reliability.
0	4mb Picture Card
1	Easy set-up and use. Relatively small footprint
1	Size, ease of data entry, ease of use.
0	Unreliable_undependable, expensive accessories, weak signal, short battery life, does not work!
1	Easy to use. Compact to carry. Computer Software is simple to use.
0	None
0	battery consumption, warm up time.
1	Easy to use, comes with all accessories to get started, high quality pictures.
1	This camera produces some of the best prints Ive seen, great features and solid workmanship
1	Beautiful photos at a good price
1	Lightweight &amp;amp; Easy to Close
0	Unit-specific battery.
1	Good Pictures, Preview Option, CF option, USB Connection, Great Price/Performance
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
1	cost
1	Photo quality, ease of use, USB &amp; lens cap leash
1	Good starter camera for an older child, very inexpensive
0	Compromised image quality.
0	None
1	Its small and compact with great features.
1	Ultra-compact, ultra-stylish, ultra-fun, ultra-everything
0	Has a very delicate &amp; cheap plastic cover for charger input.
0	Only ni-MH batteries last, kinda slow parallel port transfer
1	Extremely small and light
0	Poor user interface, chintzy-feeling, weird joystick, Bluetooth problems
0	At the highest volume level on ringer, still hard to hear.
1	Small, good quality pics
1	Excellent Quality No Matter What Pixel Setting!
0	small, cheap and easy to break
1	Fast, reliable, great for corporate office or SOHO
0	Too little optical zoom
0	Wet ink smears and spoils prints if you touch too soon.  Slows computer down.  Noisy.
0	Battery life
1	Incredible zoom, nice sharp photos, relatively easy to operate
0	battery life
0	Battery life is horrible!
0	None
0	Slow, not enough pixels
0	Cartridges to refill cost more than the darn printer
1	Nice design, features, good reception
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	none
0	Bulky, No Full Motion Video, Battery Life
1	Excellent color reproduction and fine detail reproduction, a lot of features, allows you store uncompressed images, USB interface
0	Not a flip-phone!
1	Almost everything.
1	It's cheap and simple to use
1	Inexpensive, personalized rings, lots of capabilities for this price, battery life.
0	reception reads low half the time, and i get fine reception. can't download rings.
0	You can't get through certain mall doors.
1	Good quality when used with good conditions.
1	seat cover is removable,dark colors,basket underneath,
1	High quality print, easy to use, individual ink cartridges and a very low price.
1	professional standard photos for the web
0	A little bulky and heavy but its expected with so many features.
1	Small,  easy to use with quality pictures
0	none
0	Not much room in the paper feeder
1	Looks nice.
0	None for me
0	battery life
1	great photo quality, high print speed, memory card reader
0	Battery life.
1	Excellent photos, connectivity, size and functions
1	Compact, sturdy, vibrate mode
0	No ink indicator, uses ink too quickly
0	Pics aren't as sharp
1	Great pictures, great optical zoom range, Outstanding software package
1	None
0	Not as easy to use as some other phones, evident cost cutting
0	Light Sensitivity, Zoom Limitations, 
0	16MB, non-expandable memory; 0.3 Megapixels on the camera; No full version games.
0	bulky, to short of battery life, confusing sometimes, bad spot for wide angle/zoom control
0	no flash, manual focus, unreliable
1	Very user friendly, even for novice; excellent color and contrast, even in natural light
0	buggy software, poor battery charge design, repair department overwhelmed
0	Ink cartridges are too expensive and not always what you pay for
0	Tends to get itself offline.
0	A little too small for a big man's hands, No sound recording.
1	Quiet, cheap, small, easy to find ink.
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	slow, only &amp;quot;ok&amp;quot; quality
1	When it printed, that is when it did, graphics were just the greatest.  
0	Slightly bulky; no USB cord 
1	Great Media Format, Huge storage capability, Video/Audio Output
0	Picture save time
1	Size and style
0	Awkward menus, 8Mb memory a shame, no leather carrying case, bad memory indicator
0	Not credible in point and shoot mode, requires lots of fiddling for best results.
0	carrying clip
0	With this feature set and at this price point, none that are significant, 
0	Lack of accessories, can get hot, keypad lighting(dim & GREEN, bleah), nothing else really!
0	uses a lot of expensive ink
0	Not enough ringer options, vibrating ringer a little weak, archaic phone book setup.
1	Multiple functions.
0	Bad service, terrible navigation, confusing to use
1	Good RF Performance.
1	Excellent value, small size, macro feature
1	Quality and accuracy, numerous useful features, easy to use, great battery life, nice LCD
0	not easily networkable
1	Image stabiliser, 10X zoom, easy to hold, great colour, light weight
1	Cheap, 3X optical zoom, reasonable quality, small and cute
0	Video does not have sound
1	wonderful pictures
1	Out of the box digital camera
1	Looks cool-
0	Sucks your ink cartridges dry
1	Fast Digital Copies, Cheap Cartridge, Very Reliable
1	quality photos, quality lens, flash adjustment, nice manual
0	goes through the battery's
0	Built by Lg, realiability/ durability
0	a bit too small, a bit too light, feels flimsy, antenna juts out too much
1	Great rice, great resolution, a bargain for a 2.1 mp
1	Print direct from your digital memory cards. Borderless printing at 4x6 Snapshot Size.
1	Great Pictures
0	Sprint service snafus
0	Haven't found any cons yet :)
0	This model has a loud buzzing sound coming from the ear piece
0	Antenna.  Sound quality.  Charging cord.
1	lightweight, fits thru standard doorway
0	battery
0	none
0	None, for this price range
0	No carrying case or accesories included, despite the hefty price 549.99!
1	great output; good color, fast and reasonable price
0	No zoom.
0	Shutter freeze hinders action shots
1	Excellent pics, Easy to use.
0	Eats batteries, no manual settings.
1	Great for printing photos.
0	Missing functions, cheapish appearance, severe quality problems
1	swivel body, multiple modes, ease of use in automatic mode, quality of images
0	I honestly don't feel like there are any!
1	flip phone, color, fun games, nice selection of ring tones
0	everything about the phone, from the price to the calls
0	No speaker phone or web browser
0	it is big, (for today standard)
1	Cheap
0	Battery goes fast, manual settings are hard to get right, 
0	a tad bulky, no touch screen interface with phone main screen
0	the voice dialing sometimes is a little sluggish, but still i like it.
1	Nice feel, easy to dial, clear large printout, changeable ring tones, tri mode
0	Basket small, no cup holders, does not fully recline.
1	easy to learn, uses floppy,play back,good for e-mail
0	Not very complex, color photos not as good quality as the more expensive printers, loading paper sometimes annoying...
0	None...Camera would be perfect if a tad less bulky...
0	waste of paper, bad printout, black and white only
1	fast, high resolution, dual paper trays, and great photos
0	Cheaply made, poor quality, serious design flaws which render it unusable.
1	Small, solid, great quality photos.
0	Not THAT inexpensive compared to the competition
0	There are so many things you can do with this camera, try finding the time.
0	bright sun pics, black sky moon pics
0	Need to watch outdoor use,read instructions
1	Stunning photo quality printouts, value price
1	Value, Color Quality, Fold Up Tray
1	6  megapixels,great battery life,light weight
1	Many functions usable from printer panel or computer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good software included.
1	This camera is tempting because it has so many features. Great zoom lens too!
0	No viewfinder and memory stick.
0	Blurry Photos With No Memory Card 
1	excellent quality photos
1	Easy to use, fairly inexpensive, good indoor pictures and I love using a floppy for storage
0	Auto paper feed doesn't work
0	Price.
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Great printer for text, graphics and photos.
0	Slow warmup
1	very THIN, decent standby time, replaces my pager
1	Uses floppy diskettes to store photos, relatively easy to learn how to use
1	Easy to change faceplates, easy to use
0	Only one color, silver.  Battery life.
1	Awesome quality, great optics, good value
1	Really great stroller
1	It takes high quality pictures.
1	Great battery life, ease of use, Picture Quality
0	poor ergonomics, poor flash integration, poor viewfinder, autofocus almost useless
0	hanging, cannot stop ringing, slow
1	Fairly inexpensive, good laser-quality print.
0	OK Image Quality, No Flash, Battery Drainer, Few Features, Spoils-the-Fun Beep when Taking Pictures
1	very convenient, great price 
1	External caller ID, Voice Dialing, FM Stereo Radio, VoiceNote voice Recorder, Compactness
1	Very light
1	Compact, rugged, high-quality images
0	Ink prices
0	Sometimes slow, and awkward
1	The Zoom, Ergonomics, Battery Life, and Picture Quality.
0	Making quality photos uses excessive ink.  
1	Beautiful looks.  Sturdy.  Good battery life.  Gadgets and gizmos.  Loud speakerphone.
1	Quality, speed, quiet
1	photo quality, ink lasts longer, great software included
1	Nothing ventured, everything gained
1	Great speaker phone, excellent display, friendly, solid functionalilty, wonderful voice features
1	Clear edge to edge printing.  Ink doesn't smear with hi-lighter.
0	Paper feed problem toward end of warranty period.
0	Paper Expense, Noise
1	Tiny, feature rich, excellent 3X zoom, cool &amp; stylish
1	High Quality Cheap Price
0	Poor picture quality, very slow speed between pictures, quite large, no zoom
1	voice activation, lots of fun rings, clarity was better than i expected.
1	Great camera for the price.
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
1	Great pics,ease of use,Good price
0	Not the best ringtones
0	Navigation can take some getting used to, no direct buttons for volume control
0	None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
1	sexy design, eye catching
1	The Nokia 8210 phone's calendar function can remind you of upcoming meetings, birthdays,and so on.
1	VERY easy to manuever because of the large tires.
0	a few details that could be improved on
0	Battery life isn't exact, only 256 colors on screen
0	loss of signal in some areas
0	can't say anything bad about it yet
0	thick paper tends to have to be hand fed
0	difficult to flip phone with one hand, pricey
1	Small, Lightweight, Polyphonic Rings, Durable
1	nice battery life, sleek, light
1	it's a small two-in-one package
1	zoom, mini movie, Sony=high quality
0	Horrible interface
0	Slow transfer speed; must have a flash indoors
1	Awesome design, solid construction, usb cradle
0	no red eye flash mode, only battery power
0	None that i can think of!
0	Bad antennae design. Cumbersome menu system. Bad earpeice ergonomics.
0	Wish software had active monitor window
1	Small, light, handsome, good reception and battery life.
1	great image quality, easy to use, can use microdrive
1	Light, very thin, easy to use, stylish, long battery life, Great Reception
0	overpriced, noisy, outragous cost of replacement cartriges
0	Battery dies fast
1	Lightweight and compact, excellent battery life
1	USB, high res, large memory
1	Size, size, and Size.  Oh yeah, very easy to use and high quality
0	Casing is a dust magnet, not as quiet as you'd like for home use
0	Thick, due to clamshell design.  Menus can be cumbersome.
0	Due to a poor design, it has a high maintenance LCD that needs frequent attention.
1	great price
0	Poor Exposure Control
0	Belt clip is weak
1	Light, "web-enabled", email, universal headset, nice timers/alarms
0	none
0	Size and weight won't satisfy the pickiest of cell phone consumers
0	Costly refills (but they do last a while)
0	signal strength not as good as later phones, single-button system requires reading prompts
1	good image quality, fairly durable camera
0	terrible quality, etc.
1	-Low Cost, -LCD Display is very nice, quite clear
0	Straps caused minor discomfort, but otherwise no complaints!
0	Ringtones hard to program, charger is a pain
0	Short Battery Life, not user friendly,  carry additional accessories
1	Price, Separate ink cartridges
1	Fast, Convenient, Uncomplicated
1	Small, lightweight and easy to use.
0	Just a Bit Pricey!
1	excellent picture quality, great price
0	The 3120 looks better, but u can put the 3120 face plates on your 3100.
1	Fast printing, good quality printing
1	Voice activated dialing, Small size.
1	Simplicity.  Compact and nice for the pocket.
0	hog battiers
0	Maneuverability
0	heavy, wide, expensive
1	Smooth Printing
1	Small, user-friendly, efficient
0	No calendar.
1	Flip phone, Small
0	difficult faceplate removal, no mp3 player, speaker phone stays on when phone is closed
1	Seats removable for storage / transport, Seats interchangable, Carseat compatible
1	Exceptional print quality (both photo and text). Affordable Duplex Value.
1	Simple to use. Decent picture quality for price.
1	It's small, and it vibrates.  The games are updated with a bit of graphical enhancement.
1	Trendy, Tough AND Unique
1	Fast, Network Ready, Great Colors
0	A bit bulky, scanner is only 8.5 X 11 in., no auto-on feature
1	Affordable, Easy to push, Nice and smooth ride
0	small basket
1	Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
0	Mediocre quality pictures, functions are limited.
0	Screen Light, Battery Life
1	CONS outweighs any pros this phone had.
0	Sometimes it's too bright outside and I can't see the picture on the screen very well.
0	high cost of ink cartridges - and specialty papers
0	Not so convenient for keeping in hand, low vibrate, short accumulator
0	Size, Battery Life,
1	Very small,lite, and stylish. Decent signal and battery life.
0	Tech support
0	need that AC adapter
1	Attractive printer, easy to use.
1	Tells me when toner is low. Flatbed scanner. Flatbed fax. Fast printing.
1	Good image quality, Price, great macro, wonderful colors
0	no zoom
0	Expensive
1	Fast; initial print quality was excellent.
0	reception, key design? motorola's customer care
0	Can't think of any cons
1	A stylish and affordable phone that is finally available on Sprint.
0	battery life, reception
0	No web cam capability, 8MB memory stick
1	very good pictures very good price easy to use
1	Easy to use, Great LCD screen, Beautiful Picture Quality
0	no basket
0	Price, weight, fragile build
0	Price
0	large, expensive for individuals
0	red eye, only 4mb supplied
0	hard for HP lovers to transition over to
1	Great color pictures
1	sleek design
0	As of yet, I've not found any!
0	Operating Manual could be written clearer, No Physical Zoom
0	the cd is final, needs cdr-w which are re-writable
1	print quality, ease of use
1	speed, print and copy quality
1	Very good picture quality
1	Easy to operate
0	Slow, no AC Adapter, size, battery life
0	Defective!
1	Easy to use, good interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Very easy to use but lots of options for those who want to &amp;quot;fine tune&amp;quot; picture taking
1	Low cost. Easy to set up. Plug and play. Very good photo printing quality.
0	Despite all the great features, this is not a phone without faults.
0	No instruction booklet for software-Photomax.  Better to use as a plug in to electricity as uses up batteries very quickly.
0	images are blurry or poorly lit.  
0	poor instructions in booklet
1	10X Zoom, Floppy Drive, Reasonable price
1	Innovative, voice dialing, internet
0	Regular Cartridges can cost as much as the printer, Scan quality is lacking
0	none
0	Expensive, no bluetooth, paint on the casing not that durable.
1	turns on a dime, very lightweight, doesn't take up a lot of space
1	Good inexpensive camera.
0	Roaming is not available. Antenna does not stay up. Sprint PCS Customer Service.
1	Has much needed alarm and removable battery.
1	voice quality, can use it on my vacations oversea's, great design and look, very light.
1	Great Printer - Great Price - Great Quality!
0	Text bleeds, colours don't print properly in Office 2000
1	Quick printing, ease of setup and use
0	Stock battery too weak. Reception reduced compared to other phones. Speakerphone audio quality somewhat lacking.
0	Battery life, bulky and uggggely!
1	It's very easy to take great photos with this camera!
1	...Great Combinations of Features; Small, yet Functional Package...
1	Tiny, Quick camera
0	The battery life.
1	Great picture quality, features, uses Memory Stick, records movies, includes charger and batteries.
1	good price performance ratio, small and light
0	no optical zoom
1	ring tones, durability, size, price
1	easy to use. inexpensive. lots of features of more expensive cameras
0	Had to compromise on printing speed and it's a sheet fed, not flat bed scanner and copier
0	out of focus in low light sometimes(minor)
0	That paper tray!
1	Small, Light Weight, Easy to navigate, lots of options
1	Great quality for the money, new desktop wallpaper everyday if you like.
0	Poor clarity, expensive downloads, horrible ringtones, poor quality camera.
0	Little zoom, using LCD eats up batteries fast
0	Jams/uses a lot of ink
0	Somewhat noisy
1	Floppy Disk technology
0	Annoying long and noisy preparation to any project, wastes ink
0	Lacks the digital camera and Bluetooth
1	Cheap, Bundled with Good Software
1	Great pictures
1	Web-ready, connects to e-mail, lightweight, earphone jack, voice-activated dialing.
0	None
1	See Review Above
0	Slow, Unstable software drivers, Bad paper handling, No seperate ink tanks for each colour
1	quality prints-software great-good use of ink
0	THE PRICE!, very bulky, the battery life and the 640 x 480 resolution.
0	user interface can be hard to learn. Heavy. USB interface. SLOW compressed NEF
0	uhhh... I suppose the screen does eat battery.
1	Has lasted well for four years without service
0	Slightly heavy, needs lighting
1	Relatively easy to get working, USB connection handy.
1	The Camera pictures are better than other camera phones.
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
0	I haven't discovered any!
1	Good if you want to give your kids a camera
1	Easy to use, packed with features, nice grip and heft, great zoom, high quality photos.
0	poor White balance on indoor shots
0	slow to recharge flash, battery life, hard to see LCD outside, turns itself on sometimes
1	Reliable
1	Great photo printing, descent text, USB and parallel interface
0	Small buttons, Bad reception, Drops calls, Non stop problems
0	Marginal receiver tone quality; "power" button in awkward location
1	New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	price, size, quality
1	Quiet, 2400x1200 dpi, Small (folding tray), USB, Ink Level Monitoring
1	small size, powerful and hands free
1	Easy to use menus, long battery life, easy to use software
0	It eats batteries like there's no tomorrow.
1	Ease of use, four megapixels, price, size, options
0	slow, loud, quick to use ink
0	misleading display, poor call quality
0	expensive for extras
0	bulky in trunk
0	Manual a little confusing
1	Ease of use, great features, voice clarity excellent
1	Easy to use.  Download to any pc without wires.  No software to install.
1	Cheap, Great for child or e-bay pictures, etc. Software comes with it.
0	Color, NO Direct Connect
1	Better reception than the Audiovox cdm-8900,
1	Versatility and enlargements also very inexpensive and fast for the money
1	Great reception, many features, color screen, camera, voice dialing
0	hard to see LCD screen outside, needs more zoom
1	Great images, easy to use, many features.
1	small, light, cute
1	High resolution, take 3 different media cards &amp; has a nice list of shooting modes.
0	a little slow, sometimes loud, must upgrade for PostScript
1	Quality of print is great
1	light weight, pocket size, easy to use
1	Compact, lightweight, better overall backlit screen, good sound clarity
0	WAP 1.2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
0	flimsy, not good reception
0	Quiet ringtones, Wap browser not reliable
1	Inexpensive, great text, reliable, space saving design, ink lasts long
1	great fun, accessible, tailored for mom's getting in shape
0	Battery life could be a little longer.
0	Battery life, only comes with 8MB compactflash card.
0	small screen for mobile web
1	tri-band GSM, small and light, good reception, funky style
1	compact, affordable, good battery life
1	Image quality, low cost cds,long life battery
0	Analog.  Fragile antenna.
0	Horrible Batteries
1	Great quality and price
0	Reception at times.
0	Blurs anything that moves and sucks in low light
0	High cost per page. Small ink tanks. Slow text output.
1	Awesome, Frameable 8x10s
0	Bad speaker phone. No Bluetooth.
0	no push to talk, camera quality poor
0	Hard to reach basket
0	I have found none
1	Unbeatable value
1	Epson Brand Name, Quality of Printing, Ink Cartridges
1	Superb images of all types. Cartridges are a good value.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Poor Voice dialing&#13;&#10;Doesn't sync.&#13;&#10;Poor microbrowser&#13;&#10;Poor support
0	No expansion card slot, headphone jack, display timeout/screensaver settings don't work, so-so battery life
0	Ink doesn't last long...and...You gotta read the manual!
0	none
0	Flimsy, easily broken, head gets misaligned often
1	It's a colour phone,comes with fun games, and is easy to use
0	loud, slow color printing
0	Flips open while in rotating holster if not careful.
1	Great pictures, MPEG-1 recording, Easy Connecting to Computer
1	Easy to use/Battery life/camera and video.
1	Not too Expensive
1	inexpensive, high quality, small, quiet
0	150 sheet output tray
1	Easy to use, No cable connections needed
0	Price
0	Can only use NiMh batteries, and supplied charger too slow. No wrist strap included.
1	Reception, Contact List, Tri-Mode
1	best phone ive ever had
1	More than a typical point-and-shoot camera, 5 MegaPixels, many manual controls.
0	Not a laser.
0	haven't found any
0	Bad paper feeding., Cartridges not refillable.
0	Only 2MBs but that works for me might not for you.
0	dirt cheap
1	Small and lightweight, descent amount of options, large phonebook, reliable
1	Styling, Battery Life, Features, Price
1	Fabric is durable, stroller is lightweight and folds nicely
0	Service charge to use many of the advanced features.
0	consider something else for high output &amp; business use
1	Good Quality for Price
0	Get ready to buy batteries in bulk.
0	Battery charge life, no case
1	Overall near-perfection!  Excellent quality, good price, easy-to-use, remote-control!
0	clarity (you can never use it in a noisy room), reception, quality control in general
0	Hard to use software, inaccurate optical viewfinder
1	Easy to Use, Light, Long battery life
0	n/a
1	Folds up easily, runs smoothly, lets my son look around at the scenery.
1	Full featured, controls logically laid out, excellent image quality.
0	need keygaurd to not dial, no text messaging...
0	None that I'm aware of
0	mobile charging apparatus has to be manufacturers own
1	excellent, photo quality, reasonable price, setup is flawless, ink is cheap at COSTCO
0	Macro abilities could be better
1	Cheap, sturdy, good print quality,
1	Great photo quality prints. Excellent value.
1	quality prints quickly
0	cheap, fragile, featureless, limited signal capability
0	It receives far too much flak from people
0	slow, and expensive. 
1	Affordable, quality prints, quick and quiet
0	So long to get started!
0	Reception, lack of useful features, microphone location, text input style, sensitive antenna.
0	Poor camera quality, card difficult to remove. Allowed Verizon to lock out features.
0	cheap construction, mediocre JPEG's,poor design,poor LCD
1	Nice camera and dial pad.  Large display.  No ext. antenna.
1	Compact, loaded with features, displays are easy to customize
1	size,quality of pics, accessories, price
0	Size, Size, Shutter Lag
1	Cheap
1	reasonable price
1	Good print quality, nice fax features
1	Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
1	Durable, clear, and 2-way radio.
0	ink eater
1	Nice Photo Quality, Fast B&amp;W CHEAP
1	Affordability, ease-of-use, quality digital photo's
1	Speed, quiet, borderless prints, separate ink tanks, excellent output, price
1	lots of features
0	No USB, flimsy exposed lens barrel, bad software, lack of ergonmic thinking, design thinking in spots
0	Takes a bit to warm up, makes a lot of noise
1	Great sturdy design; Easy assembly; Excellent quality; Comfortable for baby; Convenient to carry
1	color screen
1	Easy to use, looks nice, movable lense, 
1	Small,Easy to use
1	quality of text+photos and PRICE of ink!!!
0	Below average battery life, lack of accessories, no on-board programs/utilities, speaker volume
1	Small & durable, 256-color LCD, long-lasting battery, great features, bluetooth enabled
1	ease in transfer to laptop
0	Don't think there are any to this one.
0	battery and phone book
0	Image quality after 10ft goes WAY down.  White balance is not too good.
0	Available Only Through Nextel, Bulkier than Samsung
0	it's HUGE!!! Limitations on paper types
1	Fast, great quality
1	Light weight phone with a vivid color display and it's easy to use.
0	poor quality
0	autonomy; no manual mode; lacks advanced features; measly 8MB card; uses compactflash; no movie mode
1	Small, easy to use, movie shooting mode, 3x optical zoom, multiple shooting modes, high resolution
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo paper. 
1	Not bad quality for an older printer.
1	Great pictures, easy to use
0	cost if for personal use, otherwise none
0	Slow to start up.
1	Macro lens, Zoom lens, Floppy Disk
0	Included Batteries Inappropriate
0	Slow when printing in color, camera prints are mediocre
1	Fast B/W, Cheap
1	Nice printing, somewhat fast
0	No real complaints, feels a little too "plastic-y", wish it was a little thinner
1	High Quality Photo Printing at an affordable price
1	Camera, Speakerphone, Voice commands, nice screen, Verizon has great service.
0	Power drains in use even when plugged into car or AC adapter.
1	very good quality of printing, shape allows you to sit it on a shelf
1	Great color display, ton of hi tech features, great design
0	slow, only one print head
0	none
1	Fast, Reliable, Good Quality
1	Buttons are well placed on display. Functions easy to sort through.
1	It's great for emergency and traveling purposes. It's cute looking and the reception is clear most of the time.
1	Low cost, cute, standard USB cable
0	price, 8 MB CF card, no AC included adapter, weak flash, ISO 100 exposure only
0	Cost
1	Ease of use; excellent color; individually replaceable ink cartridges; archival ink
1	Well built, easy to handle, and takes great photos.
1	Sound quality is great, size is perfect, menus are easy to understand
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
0	stuff
1	Functionality, durable, low cost, easy to use
0	the LCD screen drains batteries fast
1	Relative durability, aesthetics, size, connectivity, features, camera
1	A 4-Megapixel Camera at a low price!
0	Sucks ink and Xerox service is poor.
1	Feature-rich, web-enabled, sleek look, speaker-phone
1	It has a color lcd,great extras like airplane mode and organizer.
0	Tell Me When You Find Some
1	Easy to use, decent quality, very cheap.
0	Can't turn off greeting and exit sound.  Headset low.  Some rings low.
0	Camera is a bit heavy.  Flimsy lens cap.
0	Bad ringer choices
0	Price, Size, and lack of real value in CD image storage strategy. 
1	its colourfull
0	None
1	Great options for the money
1	small
1	Battery life, reception, ease of use.
0	NONE
1	Phone lasted for 20 months without problem.
1	10x zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
0	Price,have to open phone to answer it.
0	Quickly fading inks, slow speed on text
0	none
0	Bad digital Zoom
1	high resolution, high zoom
0	Weight
1	simple to operate, easy on the chequebook, decent quality pics, lightweight
1	Well-designed, easy to navigate, good reception, full implementation of Palm OS.
1	small, lightweight, user friendly, quality pictures, versatile, long-lasting battery
1	good, easy pictures.  film is a 3.5 disc.  very very easy to use&amp;#9;
1	Take over a 100 pics and easy to carry around. 
1	Great little phone, stylish and functional
1	Excellent photo quality and to be able to record your own movies!
1	Solid construction. Able to switch handle to face child or child to face forward
0	Camera is useless.  Buttons on keypad and sides could be improved.
1	Price, picture quality, NiMH battery life
0	none
1	cheap, easy to install on windows
1	Good quality print
1	Great design, amazing signal range, next generation voice recogintion, good camera and good sound quality
1	Great print quality , 4 Individual ink cartridges , Large format capabilities , Good customer phone support
1	Lots of pixels, easy-to-use controls, 35mm-like settings, stunning images
1	Easy to install and set up.
0	computer chipped cartridges, can't easily use CIS system, ink relatively expensive
0	Only comes with an 8mb card.
0	When I got home, it didn't work.
1	Easy and reliable
1	Small, easy to use, lot's of colors!
0	speaker!
0	Occasional Delay in recieving IM Messages, No Camera, "Large" for some, GPRS not EDGE.
0	Not reliable
0	Speaker phone not perfected yet.
0	LCD screen
1	Nice keypad. Great size.
1	Great images, easy to use, easy to download pictures
0	slow printing on highest detail.
0	Hard to hear out of.
1	Excellent resolution, ease of use, and 
0	No rechargeable battery, small LCD
0	frequent paper misfeeds, poor color quality, slower print time
0	Nothing really so far, but ring tones are silly
0	Screen quality in bright sunlight, Serial based hot sync cradle.
0	Awful drivers, endless network headaches
1	Form factor, PDA features, Internet access
0	EXPENSIVE; only works with Sprint's PCS service; takes some getting used to.
1	Great print quality, fast text printing, awesome interface for SmartMedia and CompactFlash cards, large inkwells
1	Price
1	Cost
0	Availability
1	Easy to use, great pictures, great software.
1	Great combination of a cell phone, mobile internet browser and full-featured PDA.
0	Doesn't produce decent photos without incredible effort
1	Overall good text and picture output.
0	Not the best image quality
1	Web, reception, durability, battery, address book, calendar, GUI, ringer switch
0	None
0	Reception problems!
0	Unable to save custom settings; no on-screen progress monitor; weak blacks
1	Great Value. Very Reliable, Easy to Use and Excellent Picture Quality.
0	Ink Tanks are a little expensive, considering they don't include the printhead (as do HPs)
1	It is easy to use and works on all types of surfaces.
1	Wonderful images, high speed, and easy to use!
0	maybe a little confusing at first.
1	small, lightweight, cool faceplates, voice recognition, inexpensive
0	Not for t-shirts of colors
1	Solid, basic analog cell phone
1	Full featured, easy to use, good battery life, free!
0	Bottom of stroller has a plastic bumper that pops off sometimes!
1	Awesome picture Quality
0	expensive toner, lower resolution and slower printer than today's standards
1	Awesome quality, great color prints. Quick and quiet.
1	Loaded with features, almost a pda and phone combined.
1	Small, handsome, light easy to use and program, lots, and lots of features.
0	wish the zoom was better and bettery life could be better
1	Great image quality; cheap media
1	Inexpensive, Beautiful Print Quality, Top Brand Name, Very Quiet, USB/Parallel Interface, Small Physical Size
0	None so far
0	Size, Price
0	Auto Lens Cover, Limited Warranty, High Labor Rate in months 4-12 of factory Warranty
1	Lightweight and Stylish, Great Clarity, Durable
0	umm...
1	So far the pictures I've taken has amazed me on how clear they are
1	Easy to use, durable, reliable.
1	Excellent Quality and Extremely Easy to Use
1	Cheap price and refills
0	hard to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
1	It only fails when I turn it on.
1	super low price, light weight,
0	Services and accessories will cost you extra $$$; sleek surface can get smudgy
1	perfect style-designed, high quality
0	Short battery life, max. 2x optical zoom, no provision for external flash
0	Cheap antenna, Cheap build quality
1	Varied ring selections, interchangeable face plates.
0	Product useless, warranty is a joke!
1	cheap digital camera.  expensive camera overall however.
1	Ease of Setup, Overall Print Quality
1	lightweight, fits in pocket or purse, easy to program and use
1	Features capability to print with or without computer read to learn of more great features.
0	poor speaker quality, hideous ring tones, limited volume control
0	slow
1	Great price, reasonable results
0	Ink is expensive, envelopes seem to jam a lot      
1	Excellent color screen, decent OEM battery life (for a color phone)
0	Quality and Battery Life
0	Not durable, EATS batteries, LCD screen difficult to see outdoors
1	Better reception than previous models&#13;&#10;Less flatlines&#13;&#10;Cheap&#13;&#10;Compact&#13;&#10;Lightweight&#13;&#10;Easy to use&#13;&#10;Newer games
1	Can be used with infant seat, accommodate footboard passenger, and much, much more!
1	Inexpensive with a plan, small form factor.
0	Vibrate needs 'vibrate' battery, hands-free set attaches awkwardly
0	Plastic tripod connector, questionable battery life
1	It's small and looks cool.
1	none
1	Functionally superior, visually understated, great battery, great features. Reasonable price.
0	can not put any weight in basket on on handle or will flip.
0	none
0	Focus range begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	inkjet speed, cost
1	Easy to use, has LCD picture review panel, takes CompactFlash memory cards
1	overall great printer
1	Lightweight, lot's of cool features for a great price!
1	Great printer
1	Quality of output, Cost of consumables, Features
1	Quick printing, good quality printing, reliable, printer lets you know when you need ink cartridge
0	Brakes are two separate levers, hard to adjust seat belt
1	Size, features, sleek design, external caller ID.
0	difficult indoor photos
0	no zoom
0	size, however acceptable because of built in speaker
1	Excellent price, solid construction, decent flatbed scanner
0	Sound quality is awful
0	occasional blurred shot, absolutely, awful PC interface software called ZoomBrowser EX
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
0	Horrible picture quality. Weak flash
1	Screen and font size, and features.
1	3-position recline, can be forward or rear facing, easy to maneuver, big hood  
0	none
1	Floppies, easy-to-use, great quality pictures
0	some features not useful (explained in review).  Ink expensive and low volume.
1	fabulous size and control layout, nice features, easy
1	Incredible photo-quality pictures. Easy to use! USB port compatible and fast.
0	No AC adapter included
0	Price and weight
1	aesthetics, document size, speed, quality
0	Size, very problematic, ink cartridges are expensive!
0	slow-compared to 35mm, feature learning curve
1	good print quality regular and pictures
1	Neat speaker phone, great buttons, excellent sound, amazing battery life.
1	when it charges I loved the phone and its options
1	Durable, Small, MP3 player, Stylish
1	Great output, economical, solid build quality, good paper handling, easy setup
0	nothing really, no web browser, battery
0	Bulky camera
0	Weight
0	Numerous settings can be confusing to the casual user.
1	Great photos, fast shutter, lots of options, optical zoom is great.
1	Clarity, battery life, price ($19.95 with car charger)
0	Eats up batteries like a crazed iranian terrorist
1	Good quality printer in a compact case.
1	Compact as a palm, well priced, good sound quality
0	Needs linux drivers.
1	Ease of use, unbelievably lightweight, voice commands that work, superb reception.
0	Hard to get, high priced, average LCD brightness, poor CF door design.
1	Phone, PDA, Camera, Internet Access - all in one device.
1	Very cheap!
1	Amazing Price, Great Quality, Total Connectivity
1	3x/optical zoom, Pentax lens, very good flash, 2 ISO levels, HP support.
0	I hate where the lens is because I always put my finger over it!
1	Durable, can be dropped.&#13;&#10;Awesome speaker, great sound.&#13;&#10;Good reception.&#13;&#10;Good button placement.
0	Poor Graffiti recognition.  Buttons must be pressed HARD or several times for response.
1	Sleek, stylish, light, feature-laden, Samsung quality
1	price and the look
1	Color screen, line quality, ringtones, alarm clock features, stylish and modern phone!
1	Lightweight, color screen, flip top screen, looks cool
1	A/C adapter included, optical zoom, battery life, serial and USB included
0	NONE. Brings a tear to my eyes...
0	Antenna breaks, ear piece is to quiet, poor reception.
0	Poor battery life,Poor sound quality,constant buzzing in the background
1	durable, lightweight, easy to handle, converts from infant to toddler stroller
0	Inconsistent
1	It swivels, good camera, charges quick, not bad on battery.
0	Canopy, Bottom Mesh Basket
0	Little bulky, not much memory.
1	Speed of printing, high quality graphics and text, price
1	easy to use, great pics, low price
0	many &quot;broken&quot; links/login troubles
0	Discontinued model, but still available
0	Poor battery life, poor reception, slow charge time
1	Tons of great features, small size, light weight
1	good color and very fast
1	Nice form factor, big color screen
1	good unit
1	easy use and light weight,great picture quality
1	Small; high-tech design; EVF/LCD; 
0	Headset disconnects & screen de-lightens!
0	none that I can see
1	Small
1	it's tiny. seemingly indestructible. decent signal. VGA camera in a phone.
0	high maintenance, expensive, hard to find
1	Looks awesome, thin, small and lightweight, great reception
1	economical, easy to use and lightweight
0	None
0	Support stinks.
1	Small, full-featured, great image quality, great price
1	Great detail and color
0	Takes a long time to boot up or make a call, unimpressive signal reception
1	Very sturdy. Comes with a infant car seat and has a compartment for parents.
0	none!!!!
1	zoom,removable memory card
1	Ability to capture 80 second videos.  Easy to use from novice to experienced photographer.  
0	Phone book not alphabetical, Manual not helpful, Menus sometimes cumbersome
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use, ringtones, AOL instant messenger, blue light
0	Small, can easily get lost
1	low radiation, low cost on phone
1	simple, basic, easy to read directions
0	Costly ink cartridges, noisy. Waste much ink in cleaning heads
1	Easy to use, with good quality prints.
1	Excellent quality print, very good accompanying software,  ease of use
1	Price, Speed, 7 Ink Tanks
0	don't forget the extra cartridges to get the high quality and speed
1	easy and efficient/durable
1	Feature-packed, easy to use, nice software suite
0	In a word reliabilty
1	Image quality and resolution; Ease of use 
0	The battery life like any phone isn't that great.
0	vibration is not strong at all
1	small size, excellent picture quality for a 2 megapixel camera, sturdy metal body
1	Stylish, comfy for newborns and older kids, easy to clean.
1	Small, light, bluetooth, excellent phone book, and that color screen.
1	great small size
0	No macro mode
1	Substantial. Perfect entry-level "Pro-sumer" SLR-type digital camera.
1	Sleek design. It has everything you could ever want in a PCS phone.
1	Sturdy,Navigation,Compact,Design and Function
0	New Technology Color Cartridges are difficult to find AND expensive!
1	Excellent Photo Quality, Very Good 4x6 Borderless, Very Good Text and Graphics
0	Menus are difficult, and still the limitation of being a digital camera.
0	Short battery life.
0	A little loud, EXPENSIVE ink cartridges
0	voice dialing is not linked to speed dial in phone book...a minor detail
1	Fairly compact and durable; low-cost.
1	small size, GREAT reception, super clarity during calls, cool features, ability to personalize
0	Although easy it is recommended to add the docking station.
0	bluetooth did not work with my car, menus, phonebook, computer sync.
1	see op
0	Heavy, big, not good for mall use
0	Noisy Turning on and off.
0	Rebate program is a FRAUD!!!
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
0	could use faster lense, controlls take some getting use to
1	Picture quality is good.  Size is fine.   
0	not the best reception, not the brightest colour screen.
0	durability, coverage area
0	None. Well an extra battery sure wouldn't hurt. 
0	Close-ups a little fuzzy, low memory (upgradable, though), viewer awkward
1	Sleek, silver, and in color, showing off the technology just starting in the US.
1	great quality, amazing detail
1	Very sturdy, very comfortable in the hand, good pictures.
1	Works well
0	none so far!
1	Price
1	Small, sleek, easy to use and voice-activated dialing.
1	picture quality, low light capable, compact size, value
1	can be used as a drive, USB compatible, great picture quality, cheaper media.
1	Good photo quality and images overall, cheap
1	Low consumables cost.  Fast printing, and quiet.  Sturdy and reliable as a brick.
0	Battery life with prolonged bluetooth usage.
1	affordable, efficient, FAST!
0	Keypad isn't the greatest and the buttons are way too close together
1	Great for texting, if you're into that
1	Does it all. And in color
1	easy to operate
1	Cheap, sleek looking, easy to use
1	Easy to use, reception and battery life are great, and the speakerphone is decent.
0	Unreliable, bulky, noisy, slow, expensive to run.
0	Large, a little noisy, no power save mode.
0	Major installation problems, works for some &amp; doesnt for others.
1	small size, load of features
1	The screen is big, a lot of memory
1	Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	Small, Light, Attractive, Loaded with Features, Incredible Backlight
1	Super small, stainless steel body and simple menu functions.
1	Nice looking, bells and whistles.
1	lightweight 
0	Could do a little better on distance
0	Horrible battery life, 4mb memory card, intermittent flash trouble.
0	Mode and select buttons are very small.
0	automatic flash,no previews too pricey 
0	Antenna should be sturdier.
1	Size, ease of use, secure holster, loud rings
0	Eats batteries, have to buy optional power supply
0	none
0	the buttons might be somewhat difficult to use for someone with large fingers
0	Charger connection fails. Known issue. Out of warranty.
0	Modest resource of cartridges, not available Postscript
1	Good Picture Quality, Relatively Inexpensive
0	Included software is buggy
0	no zoom, small memory card
0	Can't change the faceplates, battery-life could be longer...
0	Limited capabilities, shaky software
0	Doesn't actually work
1	Size, weight, picture quality, price
0	Expensive to own 
1	Good Picture Quality, Easy to use, Clear display, Good Menu format
0	switching cartridges, not fast printing
0	Battery eating beast/slow to recharge
0	Battery life, too many sub-menus
1	Available features for the price. Ease of use. Incredible close-up shots.
1	Easy to handle, great funstionality, great resolution
1	Small, light, simple, pockatable
0	nuffin...
1	Great photo quality, makes even me look like a pro
0	button dials could be louder.
1	Very Easy to use 
0	can't hold a lot of paper
0	User Interface is terrible, features are not documented well
0	None
0	Poor quality "copies"; streaking on photos; A4 reduction issues
0	None
0	Like most printers, in warmer air pages clump together when feeding in
0	No Vibrate
1	GREAT DIGITAL 1ST CAMERA
0	Minor niggles in some functionality, lack of integration of some features.
1	Fast, easy to use, not expensive, dependable brand
1	The case and keyboard layout are beautiful.
1	Great sound quality and lots of useful features on an easy to read display.
1	Durable, lightweight, optional carrying case, Very easy to maneuver
1	Takes little space. Prints fast!
1	many advanced features, multi-entry phonebook, voice dialing, calendar/PIM, large screen
1	Price, Weight, Durability and performance
0	only bare bones features
1	Clarity, Signal retention, Size
0	Speed, simplicity of copier.
0	Battery life
1	Price, functionality, camera.
0	prepaid minutes more expensive
0	cannot hold settings-reverts back to motorola pre-sets, screen goes blank, poor reception.
1	good plan and no roaming cost
0	Blurry pictures for minimal action shots; lag time.
1	Good print quality easy to set up for a single computer.
0	it's just not a very good printer.
1	A multitude of features, interchangeable colorful face plate options, Dual Band & Great Price
0	no zoom
1	Great photos from this printer
1	Long life battery, very reliable
1	bargain price for a feature-rich and nicely built camera
0	batteries are expensive
0	Echoing,no Internet capabilities
1	Easy to use compact flash, good quality supporting software, movie mode w/audio, ease of use
1	easy to set up, operate, all paper formats, superb quality
1	It has a great program for printing your pictures.It is easy to use.It takes just minutes to upload your pictures and begin printing them out.
1	easy to install and use, multifunction: scan, copy, fax and color/black white printer. Print quality good. Plain paper
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, easy maneuver
0	Questionable build quality, price, lacks seemingly basic functions.
1	small, light, built in speaker phone
0	no on-off switch, flimsy construction
1	Comfortable, and luxurious
1	Inexpensive
1	Easy to steer - Very lightweight!
1	sturdy
0	Text quality &amp; speed not good - &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Expensive electronic ink cartridges
1	cheap, small, few parts, easy
1	grat camera
1	Great color 
1	All you need in one box.
0	poor image quality, no display
1	Initially was great multifunction for our small business.  It replaced a Hp3000
0	Signal Strength, Keypad too small for some
0	Speakerphone muffled if laid down, no timer, may have more features than you'll need
1	Reliable, powerful, sweet
0	Does not have voice dialing, as opposed to CDM9000
1	small, big screen. exellent sound quality, usb cable, CD, headset. graphics and coztumizations. battery durability.
1	Easy to hookup/install,, Easy to Use, HIGH quality printing, scanning, and copies
0	Slow exposure makes it difficult to capture nighttime pictures
1	Great value for money if you are a reletive novice.
1	Keyboard, backlight.
0	Optical view finder is not that great, not fast enough for sports pictures.
0	none
1	Great pictures
1	light, looks nice, many adjustments may be made to suit particular needs
0	Just prints b&amp;w, toners are costly
0	Could use more zoom, eats batteries like crazy
1	Point &amp; Shoot.  Good Beginner camera
0	Heavy weight,power killer,no viewfinder
1	Small size, easy self-portraits with 360-degree pivoting lens, fairly simple to use, good price
1	none
0	would recommend having a flash for the camera
1	Cheap per page cost, fast enough, separate cartridges
0	Noisy, clogs easily, slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Still a little slow printing color.
1	Easy of use, Make your on video's, Multiple accessories, long battery life, Well built!
1	Smallest phone around. Great sound. Dual band. Voice dialing.
0	no preview screen, no flash, only 640x480
1	4 megapixels, 4X zoom, great for macros., Lots of options.
0	should have purchased sooner! can't find any cons
1	Great pics, easy to use, save pics on floppy disk
1	reliable, except for the proprietary charging plug
1	3 minutes movie rocks! Nice surprize. 
0	doesn't handle "object-in-motion" still shots well
0	Software
0	battery life
1	small size, smart design
0	Bluish cast to some pictures
0	Lack of quality customer service.
1	Reception, video, Music Player, Camera, hi-res LCD's
1	Easy to install,excellent operation,great color photos
1	Quality Kodak lens coating; small, light; versatile; great color; sharp images; great close-ups, night-shots.
0	The 8 1/2 X 11 is the same price
0	Still can not turn off Caller ID
0	INK Cartridges are expensive and don't last
0	Low Volume, drops calls, difficult to find accessories, tiny keypad, case comes apart to easily
1	Cost effective, fast, high quality, quiet
0	No sound for movies.
0	IRda does not work with Palm Vx.
1	Great quality, easy to use
1	Easy to use, cheap
1	good quality prints
0	Paper/Ribbon pack may be hard to find locally but better deals online
1	Inexpensive, very easy to use.
1	Size, ease of use, quality
1	Replaceable ink tanks; Ease of use; Excellent value;
0	machine is a little noisy
0	No zoom, no sound in movie mode
0	Phone overheats when in use, died after 20 months of use
1	Good Print Quality for the money
1	Ajudstable Seat And top brakes on the wheels, Pocket for stuff, Folds
1	Very easy to operate and install cartridges
0	Autofocus Time, Lens Cap
0	ink is expensive
1	Floppy drive for easier transfer between other computers.
1	sharp, fast black and white printing; detailed color printing; easy to use
1	Excellent print quality for under $200
1	Lightweight (considering the product).  Easy to fold.  
0	not great for pictures, cartridge cost
1	A feature packed camera without the large price-tag.
0	A bit pricey for some
1	cool blue light
0	Verizon
0	Output paper tray could be made a little better. Included software is terrible.
0	slightly heavier
1	Easy, Small, Light, Good Quality pics, 2.0 megapixel, Power save, Auto everything!
1	Its waste of time features
1	Great picture quality for the price.
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be used on other networks.
0	Limited ring styles, mainly classical. I don't mind but some might.
0	No view finder
0	Awful sound quality, screen gets smudges
0	none noted.
0	none
0	Screen can be difficult in full daylight; Joystick occasionally sticks if manhandled excessively; Sub-par camera.
1	Exceptional photo printing from a multi-use printer
1	Compact, works in flip mode.
0	Too little standard memory, no standard carry case.
0	Some have software issues, power button is in a bad spot
1	Easy to use, great picture quality, fast uploads
0	Wheels do crack; seat will turn moldy if not properly dry.
1	Commercial quality communication at excellent pricing
1	everything you need to get started is in the box
1	Camera phone,Lots of camera features, budget price
0	Basket can be hard to get at when the seat is fully reclined.  Hefty price.
1	Individual Color Tanks, Size, Printer Price
1	portability, looks, ease of use, built in flash, excellent pictures
1	Looks very nice, bright color screen, generally easy to navigate
0	Print Cartridge Replacement cost ,Cheesy software bundle
1	It's lightweight..that's all!
1	fun and easy
0	Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
1	Nice color display.  Very lightweight.  Features, features, and more features.
1	Easy to use, simple to transfer images to computer
1	Makes me strangely happy.
0	poor picture quality, cheesy software
0	The zoom is not as good as the F707.
0	digital zoom, memory cost
0	It's ugly and will slowly make you def.
0	DONT BUY THIS PHONE IF YOU THINK YOU MIGHT LOSE IT.
1	Intelligent battery predicts remaining battery time
1	good camera, lots of features, cute
1	Good quality, features, speed   - for an inkjet
1	Great Product, small & compact, EXCELLENT voice quality & range (beats Nokia hands down). SMALL!
0	size, design and usability can be beat. Ridiculously expensive accessories.
1	Compact
1	Good price; semi-pro camera; 3MP range W/Digita Scripting and GPS interface capability
1	Fits in your pocket, easy to use.
0	Low resolution by today's standards.
0	low quality printing
1	price, performance, bettery
1	Quiet, fast, high quality
0	expensive
0	Everything else.
0	not comfortable for long conversations
1	Amazing design, Bright Clear Screen, Great Camera, Great Phonebook
1	Fast printing, crisp colors
1	Tough and Rugged.
0	high price
1	nice prints, easy to set up
1	Easy use, flash, 3 1/2&amp;quot;&amp;quot; floppy, rechargeable battery, zoom, viewing screen
1	fun, easy to use
1	Durablity
1	Great photo reproduction on photo paper, quick, cartridges easy to refill.
1	Rechargeable battery, floppy disks
1	Great print quality, reasonable price
0	none so far
1	multifunctional and space saving
1	Very easy to use with quality pictures.
1	Slim and looks cool
1	Good picture
1	Relatively inexpensive compared to other 3MP digital cameras
1	organizer functions - Color camera and display - video abilities
1	reasonably priced, takes nice pictures, easy to upload into computer
1	Many different functions from one machine
1	Affordable, 12ppm,  good print, cool features, small, easy setup, quick startup
0	doesn't work as well with serial port as with usb
0	1.3 Megapixel cameras just don't cut it.  
1	no contracts or bills, backlit display, prepaid, anyone can buy it, long battery life
1	easy to install, fast printing
1	Price, Photo quality, weight
0	flimsy antenna
0	Slow printing, not quite photo-quality, color/black cartridges must be switched and stored.
1	Pictures look good and it's easy to use.
0	the price
1	Awesome for taking toddler with you to exercise!
0	low light photos, proprietary memory sticks
1	Easy to use, Baby can sleep in carseat and move to stroller!
0	Included program, battery usage, too slow downloading pictures.
0	proprietary and somewhat weak battery, tripod required for non-flash pictures, no optical zoom
0	Non-alphabetized address book
0	features limited and not VCAST compatible
0	Straps for the carseat are a bit short, had to order extensions
1	FABULOUS COLOR
0	Poor Microphone Quality, No Games, Poor Battery Status Notification
1	Excellent quality prints
0	battery life don't last as long, not that many features, signal strength varies
0	Flimsy antenna
1	Small Size, Good pictures, Picture Capacity, Sleek Look, Good software
0	Signal sometimes, No Color Exterior Display, 20 Pics Tops for Camera
0	All accessories have to be purchased separate
0	too long to load pictures, too long to print
0	Not economical on ink, far from true screen color.
1	Easy hookup and installation.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great print quality and speed.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Beautiful appearance,convenience of short message, light weight,desirable rings and not expensive price
0	Chromatic abberations, short zoom range, battery life
1	Price, picture quality, ease of use, macro mode  
0	Bulky, no screen protection
1	I suppose it is "cute" for a phone.
1	Great output, archival quality, affordable, quiet &amp; fast operation
1	Excellent quality B/W printing, very small in size, low noise, fast
0	Weak flash, no memory expansion slot, customer service
0	poor battery life
0	Weird Symbols Appear when the Ink Runs Low
1	Very small, easy to use, great picture quality, fun little toy&amp;#9;
0	Battery life doesn't last very long
1	built in battery recharger, uses Fuji NP-80 battery
1	Quiet, small footprint
0	Doesn't come with ac adaptor, battery recharger, and more memory which you need
0	Price, features/cost, belt clip, antenna, flip-hard to open
1	Inexpensive, 15ppm, Energy Start Compliant, 12,000 pages per month
0	Needlessly difficult to attach to chargers. Headset jack protective flap difficult to open.
0	The Display Needs to be Bigger
0	Quality of Pictures, and the Company's lack of service to this customer
0	Picture quality isn't great
0	price, not triband, GSM network coverage
0	Sometimes light spots on photos
1	Good support from Lexmark
0	menu layout, screen brightness, ringer volume, some echo
0	Expensive from Cingular Wireless, isn't the antenna a bit big?!
0	bad technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment from database, need two hands to operate
1	Small, great features, easy to use, ringtone composer
0	none
0	no analog zoom, no external flash connect options, battery life
0	Not cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
0	no viewfinder, 4MB memory stick
1	Inordinate sound effects in office.  Printed daylight hours so everyone could sleep.
1	Good if you are into EXPRESSIONIST ART PICS
1	can change the face plate
0	Baterry life is momentary
1	Ease of use, no film or photo processing costs
0	Smaller phones available, the screen scratches easily.
1	Easy, disks are cheap or free, fun!
0	Expensive, Phone Book is poorly designed.  Phone is a little large.
0	Some page curl 
1	affordable, dependable
1	Compact, and easy to use
1	Attractive, easy to use, great value
1	Great print quality
1	attaches to most Perego strollers, 5-point harness, nice upholstery, light-weight
0	Wait period between shots seems long.
1	Many features, keyboard, color display, excellent quality sound, performance and design.
1	handy, high quality pictures
0	a little expensive
1	Good Print Quality 
0	Horrible Professional Install Car Kit Accessory. Cuts in and out - regularly
1	Small size, rechargeable batteries, excellent picture quality, Sony Reputation
0	Talk and ringer volume not loud, vibrates very softly, cannot download screensavers.
1	Easy to use
0	Lens cap
0	No View finder, LCD impossible to see in sun
0	short battery life and no zoom
1	Weight, Style, Display
1	WONDERFUL photo quality
0	Serial uploading can be slower....USB adapter available
0	Not good for organizing, not intuitive enough.
1	sound, ring tones, voice activated dialing, light, solid, big display
0	AC adapter sold separate, battery charger sold separate
1	Res. Auto Focus. SLR.
0	The whole phone!
1	28mm-200mm zoom,4xAA batteries,manual zoom,49mm filter thread,elec.viewfinder
0	cant find personal ringtones for it
1	great color and fast printing
0	No GPRS, slightly complicated menu structure.
1	Very productive printer. QUIET!
1	keyboard, video, camera
1	Excellent little mobile with an added extra, a built-in Camera!!
0	Electronic zoom
1	Prints at a decent speed, , Great print quality,  , USB port compatible
0	Short battery life. Calls get cut all the time. Annoying beeps.
0	A wee bit pricey
0	Sucks the juice right out of the batteries
1	Small size, ease of use, attractiveness, ease of programming contacts, sufficient options, speed of recharge
1	Easy to use, the quality of pictures are great
0	Can not get to many pictures on one floppy.
0	New look, old technology
0	Windows 2000 driver is very bad, hopefully it has been updated.
0	nothing!
1	Reliable
1	Inexpensive, superb image quality, fast printing, very quiet.
1	Top-notch photo quality.  Fast and great for text.  Quiet. 
1	Great Price
0	Periodic paper jams, balky operation, *wildly* noisy and bothersome racket when printing.
1	Ease of setup, price, paper handling
0	Low-light operation a bit trickier, zoom could be better
0	Slow start-up/cycle times, rechargeable battery/charger not included&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Installation was way too hard.  Drawing mechanism a little too inconsistent
1	It works...
1	Gorgeous, Full featured,You will never miss your 35mm SLR
0	I price of jet ink is expensive
0	No LCD viewfinder, batteries can be pricy.
1	simple operation, great price, superb image quality
0	Cheap faulty camera
0	expensive
1	Ultimate camera for its size
0	low battery life
0	NiMH Batteries, AC adapter not included.
1	Great image quality, easy to use, low cost for an optical zoom camera.
1	true USB connection
1	works well indoors, great features
1	Beautiful Bright Color Screen, Easy to use, Nice sturdy clam shell design.
1	Nice looking Phone
1	Sleek, slim design; durable; plethora of features; good battery life;
0	A bit slow in color mode
0	Keeps reverting to default picture mode (HQ) each time cameram is turned off.
0	Picture Quality and Poor Battery Life
0	No threaded lens to accept filters or attachments, and what's with the colour scheme?
1	Good Print Quality, light weight, good cartridges, USB, Easy Operation, Good Software
1	cheap in price
1	Easy to use
1	Value, light, small, resolution and versatility, simple installation and use, low price
1	Fits in jeans coin pocket, conversation starter everywhere
1	Sharp lens, reliable, manual modes, feature rich.
1	quality=high, price=low
0	A little heavy...but not a huge con!
1	Fast, Cheap, Great colors
1	Cheap price, handling, Pc and MAC compatible, flash.
1	reliable and lightweight
0	Eats...no, GULPS batteries
1	Rugged construction, decent pictures in well lit areas.
0	lens quality could be better, shutter lag is annoying vs 35mm SLR cameras
1	Small
1	Prints &amp; copies nicely &amp; is attractive.
1	Super-small and super-cool; web-enabled
1	Duplexing mode, excellent resolution, Fast!  Smaller footprint
1	reliable and rugged
0	The picture transfer software doesn't work right, zoom and close-up don't work, and no rechargeable battery pack included.
1	Compact, inexpensive, reliable, easy to find ink tanks
1	Great Price, easy to use, NO FILM!!
1	Good for beginners
1	high resolution, zoom feature on preview screen, movie function, fast USB transfer, fancy menu/user interface, manual functions (night mode), and the image transfer that automatically sorts the pictures in a web page format by date thus saving a lot of tim
1	Excellent image quality, easy to set up with Windows 2000
1	Small, light, great call quality
1	Nice design, excellent quality (on quality paper), good price
0	Need to purchase rechargeable  batteries, larger memory card,and AC adaptor.
0	location of lens makes it easy to block when holding, menu is difficult to manage
0	no RAW, small LCD, no "aidlamp" for the autofocus, too complex menus
1	Small enough to fit in your pocket. Vibration alert.Good display.
1	Does everything you need from a PHONE, and several other entertainment options as well
1	Cheap(er), "cute", small size, low weight.
1	Ink cartridge is refillable, ink last a while, fast and looks good
1	works well
0	Hard to see subject in viewfinder at low light with FL20
1	Great features, good price.  10X zoom - more than any camera even after three years.
0	The most unintuitive piece of crap that I've ever had to deal with.
0	hard on the batteries, have to recharge often or have a 2nd set on hand
1	Easy to use, great zoom
1	Small in size, good optics, nice picture quality.
0	No fax. Bigger than some of the newer models that do the same thing
0	very slow, not many features
1	lots of features, lightweight, clear
1	takes pics
1	screen, features?
1	Color output and clarity coupled with speed and silence
0	None
0	Easily breakable screen, short battery life
0	cannot download rings or logos, no vibrate, no clock, inaccurate gauges, convuluted menus.
0	SM card has just 128M maximum.
1	Size, ergonomics, included software, picture quality
1	Works well with Peg Perego strollers, strap to tighten in the baby works well
0	Doesn't come with a case, or a larger memory card.
0	heavy, expensive
0	Just about everything
1	Thin, Lightweight, and Looks Sleek.
1	Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lightweight
0	High price tag, slow printing on large format printing and high cost ink cartridges
1	All of the bells and whistles.  The ability to take black and white or color.
0	Basket could be a big bigger, weight
0	Print head clogging, mediocre output on plain paper
0	Slow, noisy, print longevity
0	Battery consumption,not many features
0	Weak zoom, standard battery life limited
1	Nice screen, good volume and clarity.
0	horrible battery life, has a few minor annoyances
0	poor documentation, battery cover, tripod mount design
0	Battery usage
1	Good reception. MP3 and Bluetooth capable.
1	35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	Accepts quite large format paper and prints using nearly all the space
1	Good quality pictures, rugged camera and USB connectivity.
1	Small, great volume, flexible options. Love the speaker phone
1	speed, color graduations, picture resolution, sharpness of print
0	Software can be picky if other cameras are installed
0	every thing that deals with this phone
0	Frustrating controls, sub-par music playing capabilities.
0	Software Bug
1	Great extras. Durable.
0	No IR port, low quality ring tone, lag time on menu access
0	echo, can't tell the time if no reception, barely operates in analog mode
0	when the computer is down, it won't work
0	Flash Indicator isn't as easily seen as I would like.
0	Short battery life. No sound on video clips.
1	light, sleek, voice dialing!  Makes Kirks communicator look like a pay phone.
0	cost
1	6X zoom, superb 3 megapixel image quality, excellent movie mode, dual media storage capability, 
0	Consumes allot of ink. Not good for office use.
0	Digital zoom capabilities 
0	battery use
1	A feather-light, easy phone to use, even for a first-timer!
0	No sports/action setting., Long time btw shots when using flash., Bad software.
1	Packed with features, good call quality, easy to use.
1	Internet Browser, Voice Recognition, sleek and very lite.
1	Compact, light, simple, 3x optical zoom, USB cable
1	Quick, quiet and beautiful output
0	unreliable, slow navigation through the menus, awkward text messaging.
1	stuff
0	Bulky...good if your a man...also this  will not work immediately with Windows ME!
1	Relatively tough phone, nice features for a basic or entry level user.
0	Splash some water on it, it dies.
0	A bit hard to figure out all functions.
0	pricey flash cards
1	Fun Color (Sunscapes); Large Canopy; Rear step for a toddler; Perego Quality
1	Cost, Ease of Use, Picture Quality
1	Not many.
1	Fast and Hassle Free Printing
0	sprint coverage, sprint sms, sprint service, and no camera
0	Terrible reception
0	none
1	cheap price, ease of use
0	Slow Processor (booting phone), VGA Camera, No memory expansion, MIC could be louder.
0	Poor resolution
1	Price, Quality, Storage capacity
1	small and compacetstyling
1	Quiet printing at an affordable price, by a name you can trust.
1	Highly Detailed Prints
1	Great Price,Print,Speed
1	Small size, fits in my hand, LCD viewfinder, easy for a first-timer to use
0	LCD screen scratches very easily, 0.8 megapixels
0	Price and speed
1	great value, good design, clear pictures, nice preview screen
1	Worked for a while
1	Image Quality, CF Card Slot, Flash, USB
1	tiny, lightweight, ease of use
0	Very poor signal strength,  no support for new ring tones.  Speakerphone stinks!!!
1	Excellent quality pictures,NiMh battery operation,USB interface. This is a must camera for vacations as you can take hundreds of pictures on a 64M CF card.Couldn't imagine doing this on a Sony which uses floppy disks. 
0	Takes a few seconds longer than my last four printers to begin printing.
1	Has incredible battery life, gets great signal for small phone, and many new features.
1	- Good Standby time
1	Nice feel; Web browser built in
0	not as compact as an umbrella stroller
1	compact, not too small, affordable, durable
0	Has a few problems in low light conditions on automatic. Small 8meg card
1	None
0	Slow high colored pages
0	Have to have in manual mode for date imprint.  No other complaints!
1	paper handling , price
0	PictureLite3.2.  Serial cable download speed.
1	External Caller ID, Voice Dialing, Manner Mode
0	first-generation bugs, expensive
0	Pricey for 1.3 megapixels and 8 MB card, slow serial transfer
1	Rugged, dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
0	Exposed LCD screen (as with all cameras); slow on/off
1	Wonderful greetingcard, photo printing. My second Canon Printer. 
1	Decent battery life.
1	Speed, res, size, quality
1	Very Good all around unit, before the print head goes out
1	HIGH quality output, whisper quiet, printout lifetime (with matte paper)
0	SprintPCS has Spotty coverage at best.
1	Everything
1	Easy to handle, good quality with enough light, webcam too.
0	Stupid lens cap/power on problem, LCD should swivel as well as tilt.
1	Price, very small, auto answer/end calls with flip, well made, easy to read/understand manual
1	Cheap, easy to use camera with lots of features, and crisp color shots.
0	Lack of external LCD (dusty and all)
0	Significant noise in indoor shots when using factory settings, poor printed manual. 
0	Size of the GSP 1600 is not small but you get use to it.
1	Loud Speaker, The Clear button is handy,
0	none
0	the signal is always low...
0	bigger than most other cameras - can be a little bulky at times.
0	None that come to mind.
0	uses battery quickly, comes with a lousy memory card
0	Can't be used right out of the box, but that's obviously not a big deal
1	It's cheap and it looks nice.
0	Ink use; ink expense
0	No clock
1	Great compact size(not too small), lightweight, tons of features, back and front changeable faceplates
0	A little difficult to learn.
1	Lightweight, clear connections, vibrating ringer, flip-open, battery life
1	Price, Functions; ease of use
0	nothing
0	none
1	cheap, easy to operate, more pixel for the buck
1	Great pictures, easiest digital camera to use, holds MORE pictures than any other camera!!!
0	very slow printing, gets jammed quite frequently, etc.
1	Beautiful Photo Prints!
0	none
0	Can't see what ink is being used.
0	You need to buy extra memory; no case
1	Beautiful, sharp pictures, really easy to use yet versatile!
1	I love the phone book and many features on the phone
0	Change out cartridges for black/color, slow
1	Good image quality
1	Great print quality for the money. 
1	accu-feed paper handling to eliminate jams
1	Small, lightweight, high resolution, additional memory cards available, no more photo developing costs.
0	expensive but worth it
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
0	A little bigger than the typical phone
0	Zoom, Slow Transfer, Basic Features
0	longer telephoto would be nice
0	lacks optical zoom
1	Low price; Acceptable for an adult who will settle for just okay. 
0	View finder cuts off edges... and that's about it!
1	Easy to use; Good quality pictures
0	Loud paper loader,paper falls off.
1	affordable and great quality
1	Quality, Speed
0	GSM in Chicago, poor bluetooth,quiet ringer, slow sync
0	Can't think of any
1	ease of use, great clear photos, feels good in the hand
0	it would be nice if kodak included a lens cap retainer
1	Great Color, low price Parallel Port
1	RECEPTION!!!  Visibility, size
0	Use of color ink seems high.
0	Battery meter and charging unreliable, phone turns off randomly
0	battery drain, Olympus warranty 
1	Large color screen, wireless internet, speakerphone, easy navigation, Voice Dialing & GPS
1	built in zoom, built in flash, has many different effects to play with
1	Good build, lot of accessories and support, user friendly for phonebook and SMS.
1	Cost, replacement ink costs
1	Price, AA Batteries, ease of use, decent picture quality 
0	Expensive shipping cost
0	Not compact size, attaching add-on lenses is a hassle
1	nice features, good shots
0	slightly bulky; features can be overwhelming at first
1	Nice size for the features available.
1	When I purchased the camera it worked fine!
1	Great Nokia easy to use and learn software, bigger screen,lots of features
1	Color screen, excellent battery life, endless features
0	toner consumption
1	Different color choices and pictures.  Voice activated, speed dialing, small.
1	easy to use and good quality images
1	Quiet, fast, nice print quality
1	Small and light weight.
0	its a piece
1	Excellent pictures, many different picture taking options, great software
1	time & caller id on cover, loud speaker, sharp screen, recording function, camera, games selection.
1	It can survive a high degree of abuse
0	So many features that it's a bit confusing
0	no outside LCD screen, very basic
0	ink can be pricey
0	says it is out of paper when it isn't
0	hard to delet pics
0	None that I can find.      :-)
1	Lightweight, easy to use
1	Optical zoom, storage is easy using disks, incredibly convenient!
0	How does the polyphonic speaker work?  Not a very good user's manual.
0	Battery usage, slow to charge
0	None
1	Good pictures, set of features
1	Great feel, extremely easy to use, intuitive, long battery life, lots of options
0	slow speed, poor low light performance
0	Battery hog
1	Great design, easy to use
0	- None with phone
1	Pretty good quality printing
0	spotty coverage, not cool looking, hard to program
0	Price, Camera is a Non-Standard size, so Camera Bag is difficult to locate
0	Typing messages with iTap is not smart enough. Small buttons.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use.  Fast
0	Blue Sky Seems Green, Slow Time Between Shots.
1	COLOR, eye catcher, design, midi rings, photos on the screen
0	Tray can be tricky to slide out
1	Extremely small, but comfortable to grip; very good design and functionality; great UI; looks cool!
1	So compact and stylish appearance
1	Quality Digital Format
0	Text message input is very slow.
1	Excellent sharp, crisp, DARK printing. Fast.
0	$40 ink cartridges, but aren't they all these days?
0	Small size is a little disconcerting at first.
0	Antenna, Display could be a bit brighter and more visible, adding rigntone
0	Design a little chunky, even though it isnt wide, its pretty thick.
0	pitiful wide angle, clunky handling
1	Nice, small, and easy to carry around!
0	LCD hard to see in the sun, bad red eye
1	Polyphonic ringtones
0	Price, flimsy antenna.
0	Grainy pictures, No Audio, Too much redness
0	LCD screen not as sharp as it could be.
0	Small Trays, Few advanced features/options
0	The size of the printer itself its a little big.
1	Nice slim design & cool looks, Above average reception, Loads of features
0	$500, goes through batteries fast.
0	Gobbles up batteries like nothing you ever saw, but what digital doesn't?
0	extremely poor image quality
1	Great features at low price.
1	Great picture quality, Multiple photographic style/size/quality features.  Manual features east to use.
1	Easy to use, Cheap camera for beginners
1	4.1 Megapixels, excellent image quality, great price, incredible battery life, and full manual control options
1	lightweight, easy use
1	nice screen colors, cool games.
0	many problems, print quality not great
1	small, great reception, SPEAKERPHONE!
0	Too many to list here.
0	Hard to use, lacks features, below average battery, expensive, software SUCKS....
0	Tendency to get slightly scratched
0	Absolutely awful software programing.
1	* Size
0	you have to buy keys along with the faceplate
1	Price
0	none
1	Good everyday digital camera
1	Cheap, Well-Quality Prints
1	Ultra-compact size, easy operation, cross-platform, good battery life
0	Size
0	whoa there on that ink
1	tiny size, customizable, mimics a PDA, still very &quot;hip&quot;
1	Color quality is good, easy navigations through menus.
0	Smaller screen than some PDA phones, battery life
1	Battery Life,Clarity,Price,Color Screen,Durability
1	Quality of the printing both black/white and color, quality of the scanner, and the speed with which it produces a copy or sends a fax
1	Sharp, contrasty lens, 3.34MPixels, neat twist body.
1	High quality printouts (text &amp;amp; graphics), price, resolution quality, Great copies, solid, reliable, good technical support clear text Fast and Reliable, speed and reasonable size.
1	size, cost , utility
0	Poor low light operation, should be rated at better than ISO 100
1	very fun, great resolution and picture results
1	Great price, outstanding picture quality, good battery life, video output, slide show mode, TONS of extras!
0	fax functionality is terrible, no simultaneous functions, can't collate multi-page copy jobs
1	Price, Ease of Use, Size, LCD Screen
0	can't send text messages, old
0	Slow and noisy.
1	Clear, concise print. Easy to understand instructions. All in one compact size.
1	Large screen, easy menus, good signal
0	Price, Optional Bag
1	clear print quality, multifunctional
0	Poor reception, Easily Scrated, Wallpapers and Ringtones suck.
1	Two words: Memory Stick!  Also, good battery life, incredible picture quality.
1	Great picture quality.  Nice manual control features.
1	Easy setup, one of the most simplistic driver installation I have done. Fast &amp; clear.
1	Very quality stroller
0	Bulky, a bit of a shutter lag, lacks a viewfinder, viewscreen is fragile
1	more than adequate cameraphone, good service
1	Feel, look, battery life, has all available Sprint options, durable, friendly interface, excellent phone
1	Good print quality. Prints fast.  Great for home use.  
1	color screen, BREW
1	Very reputable brand name
1	integrated camera; solid speakerphone; 65,000-color internal display; Bluetooth; works with PC and Mac.
0	pricey
1	Beautiful shots, picture perfect!
0	Phone is bulky, and Cover will break,
0	lousy software &amp;amp; Customer Service
0	Slow, Ink runs out quickly
0	Costs too much, Compact Flash
1	Very reliable, easy to set up and use, affordable quality...truly a no-brainer!
1	Two recline seats and a matching car seat included.
1	Color Display, Play games, Check your E-mail!
0	price,size,materials,
1	small, lightweight, luminated keypad
0	Battery dies quickly
1	good price,great camera
1	Looks great, awesome display, lots of features
0	Battery life
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	Nice features and good included goodies for the price.
1	great color
0	It is on the big side, but so what.
1	maneuvers great,durable,lightweight,good resale value
1	Tough little phone.  Easy to hear conversations.  Good voice
0	only 2.1MP, no sound in vid clips, slightly annoying GUI
1	Spectacular output, cheap cartridges, quick printing.
1	Quality, price, ease of operation.
1	Excellent buy for the low cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to use!
1	quiet, shows amount of ink left, easy to set up &amp;amp; use
1	well, it's small (ha! if you chop off the fat antenna!), the cool tetris game
1	Very fast, versatility, quality print
1	small, light, good resolution, well priced
1	Lightweight, sturdy, easy to steer, easy to open and close, compact.
1	floppy drive
1	small, light, OK for occasional printouts
1	Good for inexpensive snapshots
1	Great Value. Very Reliable, Easy to Use and Excellent Picture Quality.
0	Pricy if you're not a shopper, Bigwheels,
0	2x optical zoom, no advanced settings. Poor night shots.
1	cheap, clear printing and good software
1	Lightweight, Easy access to "Quiet" Mode
1	slim phone, looks really nice, great reception
0	3-hour talk time.
1	Easy to use, fast, quiet, low profile, fairly versatile.
0	features and clarity are lacking
1	Great photo prints, easy to use
0	Comes with small amount of memory (8mb); No built in rechargable batteries.
0	The viewfinder takes getting used to - doesn't feel or appear truely TTL
1	Good entry level digital camera with several manual features
1	very good camera
1	Photos instantly on disk
0	battery hog, supplied card not big enough
0	Unintuitive menu icons
0	High price, bad with low lighting conditions, average image quality
0	A memory stick instead of a card.
0	Battery life
1	Lightweight, easily customized, relatively inexpensive, good clarity
0	Difficult storage area, large size
0	HEAVY ink user, no cable, expensive to operate
1	small, cheap
0	Bulky and large
0	Somewhat "clunky" menu system
0	Sometimes too small, options can take a while to learn
1	Easy use
0	Dumb ring tones
0	text resolution
1	Fast print, nice design, easy to operate.
1	Great Price and Value
0	Photos are a little grainy
1	feature rich
0	A little slow if your in a hurry
0	a little slower than more expensive models
1	4 functions, 
1	Great quality. Inexpensive
0	Trouble with graphics.
0	When used for photos ink runs out rather quickly.  
0	Its Crap - Disfunctional, bad design, incompatable, terrible print quality
0	none
0	Voice activated dialing
0	Speed &amp; only supports USB.
1	Photos look good on TV
0	Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550 
0	Hard to find replacement cartridges
1	Price
1	good zoom, good picture quality, cheap, good storage
0	Unavailability of service in areas
0	Low battery life
0	Still not a good deal
0	Stroller only reclines in two positions
1	Excellent photos, use it in the auto mode or make all your manual settings!
0	low resolution pictures are really not worth the effort.
0	Battery life, cost ($499.99), web not in color, wont sync with PDA/computer
1	Interesting design, radio, good volume, Color Screen
0	Battery life, MSRP is too high, Camera performance indoors
1	Feature rich, lens interchangeability, 6 megapixel resolution &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Included LCD screen completely washed out in daylight, viewfinder doesn't frame well.
1	very fast, very robust, very reliable, versatile 
1	Great price
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Large size, only 2X optical zoom
1	great, crisp photos.
0	system is bulky
1	Small, efficient, easy to use
0	Did not print photos!!  3 month warranty, no toll free tech support.
0	Chunky by todays standard, poor camera quality, headphone socket is horrible
0	A Little Slow But You Get Use To It.
0	LARGER IN SIZE THAN MOST
0	none found yet!
0	Standard phone headsets don't mute device's mic, no SSL email, text msgs cost add'l.
0	Battery Life, No flash
0	Everything Else, Poor Reception, Dropped Calls ,poor Voice Quality
0	Zoom button is a little awkward
1	Great photos! Easy,Easy,Easy to use!
1	Price
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, makes movies and more!
0	bulky for today's standards
1	Ease of use
0	Endless paper jams
1	Small size, bigger buttons, long battery life
0	Rechargable batteries must be bought separately
0	Its a piece of crap
1	Well designed hardware for use by young children
1	Nice multimedia/graphics & good sound.  Compact clamshell design.
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
1	Inexpensive.
1	Lots of neat features very flashy and pretty.
1	Easy to use; Good indoor/outdoor quality; Good color/picture quality
0	questionable quality, not so great attena
0	Cartridges 
0	reception could be better, side buttons, volume can be strange.
0	OFFLINE
0	Not mastered the zoom yet...oh ya..no video out...:(
1	Horizontal paper feed, High resolution, relatively fast, relatively inexpensive
1	Great Service, Excellent Features, Small size,Leaves Very Little to be Desired
0	I wish it had a telescopic handle and a larger basket.
1	Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
1	BlueTooth, Size, Battery Life, Design
0	Slow print speed,no borderless print
0	Nothing........
1	Nice performance, relatively compact, reasonably priced.
1	Size, caller id on outside, overall nice looking phone
0	Large in size, noisy, ink is expensive
0	JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK (is that 15 words??)
0	No call display on outside of case, limited ring tones, no voice activated dialing
1	size, easy to open with one hand
1	Mac/Windows Autoswitch
0	Slow startup time, sharpness issue
1	Nice software, very fast.
0	There is really no cons to this product, it is a great camera and has high quality options
1	small size, memory capabilities, features
0	none
1	Excellent pictures, compact, stainless steel, stitch function, compact flash, takes quicktime movies
0	Movies can only be viewed with QuickTime
0	No speaker phone or voice recognition. But most importantly, not the best reception.
0	Just plain doesn't work.
1	Quality, paper handling, speed.
1	Great features for a great price; easy to hold and lightweight.
1	Lightweight, compact digital camera, very easy to use.  
1	Size, look, durability and direct connect.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, decent image quality
1	good voice quality, relatively light &amp; compact
0	low noise during video, a little bulky.
0	Lens cover durability, LCD scratch resistance.
1	Extremely small size, fast start up time, ease of use, USB interface
1	Easy to carry, great to erase bad pictures
1	Prints fast and looks nice. Reasonably priced ink cartridges.
0	Cheap memory card slot cover/eject button.  Not so great outdoor shots.  LCD is a bit weak on brightness when using indoors at night with normal lighting.  
1	Very crisp photos...
1	Quick access to pix, easy to use
0	None to speak of.
1	-ability to capture video, play mp3s, sleek and tiny unit
0	somewhat noisy
1	a little cheap
0	A tad bit bulky
1	Disk Tools on board , ease of operation
1	Low Cost Printer, High Quality Photos, Draft Mode Available.  Slots for SmartMedia and CompactFlash
0	Not as small as some
0	Has space for only one custom ring tone, no voice-activated dialing or conference calling
1	Availability
0	no optical zoom
1	Cheap. Nice physical design and very solid construction.
1	Can hold TWO infant car seats!
1	good programs, and makes great pictures, $50 dollar rebate
0	no clock, no minute minder
0	cost and a bit bulky
1	Cheap, reliable, easy to install, good scanning mechanism
0	Terribly slow text output.
1	Good resolution for a low cost camera
0	reception, whats reception. volume needs major improvements. needs to have separate ringer.
0	Nothing major enough to list here.
0	Costs more than some would want to spend
0	Confusing, Low Capabilities, Audiovox has been bought out by Kyocera
0	Very slow, poor camera, call and end buttons backwards...
1	NONE
1	Almost acceptable as a Pro-Am camera
0	few ring choices
1	Good resolution &amp;amp; picture quality, easy to use
1	Low Cost, Easy To Use, USB Interface, Acceptable Picture Quality
1	Motorola styling, choices of applications balanced well. battery life, weight and feel, overall sound quality(input/output)
1	Quality photos, great feature set, great P&amp;S results, solid feel.
1	Almost all the features of a SLR in a fairly small package
0	Very Poor picture quality.  Dont buy one!
0	I did not like how heavy and big the phone is.
0	Battery Life, Tends to blur moving subjects
0	Reception, slim on features, menu, battery indicator misleading
1	Great camera...incredibly easy to use...great quality
1	Superior photo quality, price, accepts Microdrives, battery life, Nikon compatible
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
1	Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, supports PC and Mac.
1	One of the sturdiest,lightest and most attractive strollers on the market.
0	Average text and graphics quality.  Plain paper photo printing could be better.  Construction Quality?
1	nice price, easy interface, many features
0	low profile buttons
0	canon paper is expensive
1	Features, price.
1	Easy to use.  Floppy's go straight from camera to PC for editing &amp; emailing.
0	Only con is if you use your phone for playing instead of calling!
0	Nothing that I can think of. 
1	Screen, Appearance, Battery Life, Quality, Ergonomics, Recption, Layout, Ease of Use
1	Image, Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
1	top quality European stroller, comfortable and plush, easy to control, 
0	Slower print speeds than opposition, Ink carts expensive
0	floppy won't hold that many pics at a high resolution
0	none yet
0	Plastic body, no brightness control for LCD
1	Picture Quality, features, USB connectivity, included accessories
0	 The 932C print driver software is not too good. Get the new one!
0	Bulky, Ringer not loud enough, Front screen is small and not very sharp/clear
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Slow
1	Great screen
1	Slender, lightweight and functions well as a phone.
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	Excellent quality at a reasonable price.
0	Must have large car to fit this stroller. 
1	A stylish full feature phone.
1	ABOVE
0	None
1	Size; Sound quality; External caller ID display; Trimode; Appearance
1	Wide range of accessories, text messaging, and custom ringtones.
0	Display a bit utilitarian; No polyphonic ringer
0	Factory presets in drivers need to be tweaked slightly.
1	Inexpensive, fairly easy to take a picture
0	battery/ear piece jack/softwear issues
1	Compact - nice camera - buttons accessible - looks good.
1	Takes outstanding pictures.  Has more features than I expected. Very easy to use.
0	Memory not reliable.  Contacts setup is inefficient, awkward, and unreliable.
1	Compact, easy to maneuver with one hand while opening a door with the other., 
1	Battery miser, good outdoor quality, nice viewfinder
1	20 minute record time, size
0	LOUSY battery life.
0	Fragile antenna
1	simple to use, attractive packaging
1	Nikon quality, great photos, 4X zoom, good battery life, lots of functions
1	Continuous advance; Color, B&amp;amp;W, and Sepiatone modes; will take 400 images @ 1600x1200 with Microdrive
0	Megapixel&amp;#13;&amp;#10;memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	You have to turn the sound on separately, when you select movie.
0	No alarm clock
1	Affordable.  Good print quality.
0	Battery life
0	Slow, Loud, paper weight support that holds up the paper in the feeder 
0	none that I can think of
0	comes out dark
0	Bulky, Slow Transfer Rates, Bad Zoom, No Lens Cover
1	Great Name
0	Everything.  Not worth the stamp to mail in the rebate with
1	Price
1	great
1	um, it prints stuff
0	Very few cons, except the skimpy 8MB card that come with it
0	Cost.
0	Plastic case creaks, not as sturdy as older Ericsson phones
1	Dependable, Affordable, Great Battery
0	Will not work with my computer
1	Good color reproduction
1	NONE, NONE, NONE
1	good long distance reception, nice display, cheap
0	Bulky, expensive
0	none
0	not the most modern looking phone, no color screen, average battery life
0	NONE
0	Look elsewhere for java games, polyphonic ring tones, colour screen, cameras, MMS or personal organisers.
0	Picture quality could be a bit better
1	lightweight, simple
0	Send and End keys on wrong sides, No calculator, Needs a belt clip
0	none
0	Even with a cover, sometimes buttons get hit
1	Simple to use, quick, excellent quality print
0	cant really grumble at much at all
1	easy to use, great pics, reasonable battery life
0	manual is okay but confusing at times.
0	No sound on movies, :30 limit on movies
0	need the memory stick, disks only hold a few pictures
1	SMALL, LIGHT, LONG LIFE
0	See above
1	Wow, look at those shots!  I must be a pro!
1	Size, ease of use, features
1	high speed printing, clear photos, inexpensive ink cartridge
1	Easy to use
1	Great Quality, Rotating Head, Lot's of features
0	eats regular batteries like candy
0	No cable and web-connectivity from SprintPCS, over three-months now.
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
0	High priced, no built in games, a Nokia has more features
0	Has wasteful features, and a inadequate zoom
0	Takes up a lot of space.
0	Bulky, Cannot Download Ringtones and Screens, etc.
0	Hard to tell when you are out of ink. 
0	Eats up the batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Needs more than a 2.5 zoom
0	Very unreliable
1	Floppy disk, rechargeable battery.
0	Ack, the keypad is horrible!
0	none so far
1	Professional Nikon features take incredible pictures at a great price
1	Compact,great screen contrast,LOTS of features,good clarity,voice activated dialing
1	Good resolution on pictures, easy to figure out how to take pictures and upload.
0	not as easy as Motorola to look up numbers, speaker phone not loud enough
0	Price
0	Absolutely nothing!
1	Feels solid, nice ring tones, bright display.
1	View screen, pocket-sized
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
1	Compact, takes great photos
0	slow at times
1	An excellent phone packed with what a user would need of a mobile handset.
1	Individual ink tanks.  6 color printing.  Excellent photo output.
1	Nokia knows how to build solid cellular telephones
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
0	no flash, lighting crucial to good photos.  movement blurs completely
0	too big
1	Fast printing, easy set-up, cheap ink.
0	No external screen, limited ring tones with original phone
0	small paper loader, paper jams
1	Ease of use, works with many prepaid services, low price.
0	price
0	Bad quality pictures, very battery-hungry
0	image size and quality
0	Difficult to retrieve numbers, not user friendly
1	It looks cool?
0	flimsy flip top, uncomfortable against the ear, elaborate programming methods are confusing
0	Sound quality is awful
0	lame-o drivers
0	Very pricey
1	Pretty Good Output, and fairly inexpensive
0	none
1	Saves to Convenient 3.5&amp;quot; Disk 
0	Uses Batteries very fast if screen is used to take pictures
0	First Generation Product Still Has Major Flaws
1	there are no pros, except that well its a well built phone survived every drop!!!
0	DRINKS INK!!!!!
1	Great sound. Small and light weight. Good photos.
1	Great photo quality and quiet.
1	Cheap, Good quality
0	video is not really that great, but oh well.
0	Internal contacts on number pad are terrible, random numbers displayed, must try redialing at times.
0	Bigger battery hog than Fisher Price toys! Oink!
1	Good paper feed
1	Sharp Display, Good Quality, MP3 Ringtones, Acceptable Camera, Sturdy Feel, Quad-Band GSM, speakerphone, 5MB memory.
1	Small
1	Best optical zoom for the price. Quality camera/lens. Easy to use on auto mode. 
1	Great photo-quality high res prints
1	See Review Above
0	A little too awesome
1	Decent color
1	Picture Quality, Features, battery life
1	Very durable and easy to manuever
1	Good price
0	None
0	Bad quality, doesn't work sometimes.
0	Largish body, small LCD panel.
0	Don't use the self-timer on this camera because it turns the camera off to quick
0	Lens has not cover, has problem with lint on lens.
1	Small, range of accessories. Versatile.
1	Attractive, has most features that one expects and more, unique, will satisfy a Motorola fan
1	Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
0	Dwindling battery life.
1	Best phone since Startac
0	no case, drains batteries, no AC adapter
1	A nice phone with really handy features and easy navigation system.
1	Uses standard 3.5&amp;quot; floppy
0	Size, battery life, BAD, BAD software.
0	Print quality, paper feeder 
0	so-so battery life.
1	good size
1	Easy to use, Internet, Email, SMS and VERY Customizable
0	Reliability?
1	All around good phone, easy to use, nice display, good reception
1	Thin
1	Sometimes it takes decent pictures
0	Everything else is very poor.
1	Cute little phone.  Easy to use.
1	Excellent picture quality.
0	flash adjustment
0	size, no case
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to buy the AC adapter for $150 if you want one
0	Control paddle a little fiddly
0	no major flaws
0	Limited lens range (without adaptors)
1	Slim, HUGE Screen,self timers portrait, thin buttons, neon looking button, extremely stylish,
1	low price, easy to use
1	construction,controls,light adjust.
1	Bright LCD screen, great quality sound, and tons of features, lighter than helium
1	Portable, inexpensive.  Easy to use.
0	Only picture wallpapers available, nothing plain
1	Price, size, features, easy to use and takes great pictures !
0	battery changes were necessary, but AA batteries are easy to find almost, if not everywhere.  Only three battery changes for 250 photos, most taken with flash..
0	Need to use a bidirectional parallel interface instead of usb or some utilities will not function.
1	Great speakerphone, wonderful voice recognition.
0	printed photos have low dpi - not great quality.
0	A little slow, uses more ink than usual
1	Screen, ringer volume, clarity, coverage, ringer tones, antenna
1	Modest size, light weight, excellent battery life, expandable memory options, Sony quality, accessories
0	Color prints are poor quality but ok  if your just getting started.
1	color screen, great reception, small and compact
1	Inexpensive storage media, disk copy tool, video as well as still images
1	excellent quality
0	NONE Know 
1	makes a good paperweight
1	Tons of great features, easy to use, Bluetooth, sound quality, battery life
0	No lens
1	really small
1	The keyboard is really the only good thing.
0	range
1	Inexpensive solution
1	value
1	Easy joystick navigation, sleek casing, well-designed features
0	The usual: Better cameras are now available for around the same price.
0	None
1	Nice wood touch-Many Rings
1	nice games, right size, decent battery life, different from the 5160
0	None that I can find....
1	lens work well
0	Poor outdoor light handling, slow shutter speed, no macro feature and no case.
0	High price, so-so battery life, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
1	Easy to install, easy to use, lots  of excellent features.
1	Inexpensive
1	Very nice pictures with faithful colors.  Great features too.
1	Cute, portable; one-key vibrate; camera, video features; survives repeated falls
1	It works
1	More feature rich than most, for a 2.0 mega pixel camera.
1	Great sound quality, battery life
1	Worked great for the first year, portable, good battery life.
1	Clarity, color and detail of pictures is terrific.
0	Banner changing
0	No USB support
0	None so far.
1	Good battery life
1	Easy to take beautiful pictures, simple to load onto a computer.
0	poor picture quality, poor flash
0	No USB connection, Software very slow for picture retrieval from camera
1	Quality digital pictures, easy use, many features, great value
1	Light, good reception, nice implementation of the Palm OS and cell phone
0	expensive cartriges
0	Plagued With Problems, Poor Picture Quality, Less Then Average Battery Life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	lots of repair problems, hard to steer, heavy
1	Affordable, Lightweight, Secure
0	likes to jam paper sometimes, but rare
1	Uhhh... Wait... It will come.........It was rugged and strong...?
1	Great for people who like to take lots of pictures.
0	Doesn't come with a rechargeable battery pack ($100 extra)
0	Weak vibrate, sound quality!
1	Relatively user friendly, free with contract
0	I have yet to be disappointed in this cell phone.
0	limited availibility of accesories
0	Can't think of any.
1	Very light weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Multi color display, feature packed, small, light, sleek, signal excellent
0	some might find a battery life of 2.5 hours limiting; no analog roaming
1	takes clear shots
0	Eats batteries up
0	Poor manual, Night pictures probably, Only 8 Mb memory card included
0	none
1	Lexus of Mobile Phones
1	Very easy to use
1	fast, quiet, excellent output, compact, sturdy, USB or parallel, Dos compatible
1	light weight, easy to use, takes great pictures
0	Slow download to computer via P/port cable
0	Paid so much I'm afraid to take it places
0	Need extra tool for fast image transfer
0	Manual really sparse
1	small size, external LCD w/caller ID, two way SMS, voice dialing, sturdy
0	none really
0	basic phone, don't expect too much.
0	None
0	can't find any
1	price, lots of features
1	Great Pictures
1	*very* inexpensive digital camera. Nice for the price.  
0	poor photo quality, slow
1	Huge Color Display, Big Outer Screen, Design, Weight, Battery Life, Features
1	It's a real camera, it has additional lenses and filters made for it, it's good
0	(minor) no attachment for lens cap
0	X83 is incompatible with Windows Xp and breakdowns average every 3 months.
0	Buggy driver software in some configurations; pricey consumables
0	Daylight or Well Lit Areas Only
1	Photo size range, external flash available, lightweight,compact, user friendly.
1	Good printing speed, excellent quality, reasonable price
1	Quality Pictures, Good batter life, rugged, USB
1	Small, feature-full, 3.21 megapixel Camera with user friendly layout
1	Good customer support
1	Simple Design, Easy Use
0	Not the fastest printer
0	Cingular phones wont work in CINGULAR EXTEND
0	Ink cartridges are small, may want to look at refilling.
0	none
1	very clear picture, easy to use
0	Looks kinda weird, but is still cool.
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
1	Style,Lightweight,FoldsCompactly, EXECELLENT LATCH CAR SEAT SYSTEM,Stable
1	Easy to use, set up, functional
0	Color printing is slow
0	cost on the upper end of models
0	Slightly noisier than similar models, ink cartridges harder to find
0	Weak flash, delay between shots, 2x zoom
0	Address book
0	A little on the bulky side.
1	Good quality for relatively low price.
1	The realibilty, the cost, 
0	Very long shutter lag, very long recovery from sleep mode
1	Easy to navigate menu
0	eats up batteries pretty quickly, like any other digital camera
1	Print quality.
1	ease of use, floppies, 
0	Paper problems, Loud, Consumes Ink, 
0	Just not the same as film
0	Home Power outlet may be inadequate. See HP specification. 
0	not fancy, dark pictures in overcast weather
0	Bulky when you have an Extended Battery, only holds 60 pictures.
1	Size and price.
0	Zero quality
1	Compact, lightweight, easy to use, charge life is good.
1	Inexpensive, LCD screen, Flash, CF media slot.
1	Nice graphic
1	great for casual users, nice features for price range, easy to use
1	Efficient, Quick, Easy to Use
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	looks great, nice colors, memory stick, lots of functionality
0	Basket is a little small
0	battery life sux if you don't condition it properly.
0	Battery Life soso. The battery gauge screwy. Sprint PCS Vision
0	digital zoom is worthless (surprise!)
1	Uses Cheap floppies for image storage, LCD Displays
0	As always, you have to maintain it, and be diligent on making sure the software that runs it won't crash.
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	small, easy to use
0	Cartridge price
1	size, "cool" factor, lcd
1	Easy for beginners to use
0	a little costly
1	easy to use, superb quality printing in black and color
0	Antenna sticks out a bit when on your belt.
0	Fair quality photos and noisy
0	delay between button pushed and photo taken, sometimes flash doesn't engage on auto-flash
0	A little heavier than I would want but not too heavy
0	THERE ARE NO CONS ABOUT THIS CAMERA AND I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO EVERYBODY
0	Power Pig in Data mode. Battery is very low-tech and under Powered.
1	Good quality pics, easy access to pics, affordable with basic features
0	This is a bad, bad phone and it must be stopped.
1	Simple to use
0	None
1	High-Quality Print Output
0	age
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
1	convenient, quality pics, long battery life
1	Many manual settings, came with a set of rechargeable batteries, great pictures
1	photo quality, ink usage
0	Storage is limited by the current technology
1	Good battery life, easy to use, nice keypad.
1	Quality text and photo images
1	Dead simple to use, beautifully built, infallible autofocus and exposure
1	Optical zoom, long battery life, ease of use
0	lousy design on paper tray
0	stroller can be a bit heavy when floded down
0	Battery life not nearly long enough.
1	TINY, TINY, TINY.  Huge improvements over the S100.  Great battery life
1	Relatively compact compared to an SLR with similar zoom features
1	Amazing battery life, excellent user friendliness
0	battery life, battery life, battery life
1	High Quality Color Prints
0	Poor Owners Manuel
1	Size, size and size!
1	Great pictures, compact to carry, easy to use.
1	Free (with rebates), fast*, seperate cartridges, can work with color only
1	build quality, easy of use, battery life
1	Great reception - great color
0	Bulky. Nice looking "candy bar style" phone but not as cool as a flip phone.
0	No major complaints.
0	Manual focus is slightly awkward; chromatic aberrations in bright sunlight
1	Disk Drive Access, Zoom Lens, Rechargable Battery
0	Irritatiing menu structure, too many buttons to press
1	Design, a flip phone, and easy to operate
0	Can't  add any other lenses. But most digitals are that way.
1	Wonderful color, small size, lots of control.
0	no floppy flash disk
1	Nice camera BUT!!!
0	Low resolution, quirky file transfer
0	LCD screen hard to see when turned to a verticle position.
0	Power Consumption - Needs Alternative NiMH Batteries, Costly (but useful) AC Adapter is optional.
1	Great color print quality.  Can print directly from digital camera flash cards.
0	lasted 5 months, then broke. total ink HOG!!! 
0	Size, options, display
0	Heavier than my normal 35mm camera.
1	lightweight;drives smoothly; attractive design
1	great size
0	not too many options, very little zoom
1	Flexible storage options (CD-R or CD-R/W, Able to use add on filters and lenses.
1	High quality pictures, easy to use, FAST
1	Great,  Cheap
1	Blue design FUN! Takes good pictures for me, LCD and Optical view finder, easy to use
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
1	Ease of use, floppy storage
1	Size, speed, quality, looks, features, connection types (USB, Parallel)
0	a little bit loud
0	paper jams, annoying sounds, so-so print quality
0	none
0	Ringer Volume, weak antenna, buttons not working
0	Price and slight shutter lag&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	LCD Is Not Colored Like Some Other Phones
1	Speed, Quality, Reliability
0	Background noise, slooowww menu selection
0	None yet
1	small, lightweight, excellent photo quality, comes with rechargeable batteries, color, black and white or panoramic shots
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	battery life is terrible - image transfers are painfully slow
1	Great camera at a great price - crystal clear stills and movies with audio.
1	Immediate gratification, Powerful zoom, floppy storage.
0	Slow, noisy, one cartridge.
0	Only 8 Mg included, no case included
0	Price
1	Price, quiet, fast
0	Makes noise around electronic equipment (b/c of radiation)
0	battery monster, must have win98
1	Excellent picture quality
0	Kind of bulky
0	Flash reload time
0	Too big for a pocket, no built-in vibrate
1	great pictures good price
1	Great backlight, reception and easy to use.
1	easy to use, Epson quality &amp;amp; support, light, ergonomic
0	Lots of headache, no LCD screen, packaged software has bugs
1	Battery life, reception, perfect size (for me, at least), & rubberized coating for easy grip
1	Small Form Factor, Metal Case, 2" Screen, Pentax Lens
0	pictures are iffy at best, not high-tech
0	Somewhat pricey.
0	Need one at home
0	seems abit flimsy
0	No zoom and if you plan to print these out they will be grainy. 
0	Not to comfortable when used up to the ear.
0	only holds one ink cartridge at a time
0	Screen can get scratched, complicated features and speaker sound unclear when loud.
0	unreliable~ at best, loses service frequently, cuts off
0	Smudgy text; poor color definition.
0	The price of the ink cartages
1	Fast, prints text great, works well with digital photos
1	fast and good and cheap
0	Lousy reception; fragile handset; need 2 hands to answer; teensy side buttons
1	compact, sleek design
1	GREAT pictures!  Easy to use, helpful software package, USB
1	Tri mode capbilty so coverage is great, good quality phone
1	Easy to use. A lot of accesories, memory sticks are cheap
1	Small, Excellent Battery Life, Web Browser Built In
0	Battery life demands a 2nd battery
1	Detailed, colorful prints that rival or exceed film-based photos.
1	Great pictures of "still" subjects in natural light outdoors.
1	So easy to use
1	it is simple to use 
0	camera,video display,
1	Fabulous output
0	phone isn't very easily stored as a flip phone would be
0	No carrying case
0	size with extra battery
0	Ink Usage, Durability
1	Print Quality &amp;amp; Reliability
1	Bluetooth, good phone performance.
1	Convenient, excellent for the photoholic!
1	High quality
1	Extremely lightweight 
1	powerful antennae, easy to use, compose ring tones
1	2.1 mega pixels,1600x1200 resolution,400mm lens
0	none found so far
0	Using viewer eats up batteries.
1	small and easy to use, Price
0	some functions are not as well thought out as they should be
1	12 ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	Easy, point and shoot. Great software for transferring from camera to PC via USB.
0	Requires specific inks and only good quality papers.
0	back light doesn't stay on, not a lot of accessories
1	Fast, quiet and good quality
0	Zero customer service
0	short battery life, shuts down, charging port goes bad and phone won't charge.
0	earpiece volume, motorola technical support is worthless
0	macro ability sub par, indoor photo subpar
0	Doesn't corner well, no basket.
0	picture quality
1	Software, usb &amp;amp; serial cables
1	None
0	This camera can't record movies
0	Camera could be better
1	Easy to use, small, light
1	high quality, fast, 
0	Photo quality is not great.  Eats batteries like piranhas eat wounded cattle.
1	The company honored my warranty.
1	Crisp photos, inexpensive batteries
0	Not the greatest connection
0	Needs special ink for even halfway decent photo results.  Very slow when printing photos.
0	This is the absolute worst phone or phones I ever owned
0	VERY FEW FUNCTIONS, FRAGILE
0	bad image quality, not much difference in terms of service, extra money for image transferring
0	slow printing time
0	Too much autofocus, no exposure settings
0	Somewhat pricey refills still
0	No optical Zoom
0	Too Much To Do
0	none
1	High-quality pictures, convenience, fun!
0	point and shoot only
0	No way to sync with PC out of the box.
1	Size is definitely good
1	Ultra compact, durable and stylish!
1	Incredible lens. Clear, crisp, colorful image reproduction. 4 mega pixels.
1	Light-weight stroller when compared to most.  Easily maneuverable in tight spaces.  Folds easily.
0	rubber cover over usb port, lens cover seems poorly constructed, slow shutter release, 
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
0	Fax problem
1	Cheap
0	Screen under sun light, buttons can be small for some
1	Sound quality.
0	Sucks batteries, the display is hard to see in bright conditions.
1	Nice size and heft, panorama shots.
0	not the very highest in image resolution.
0	Ink is expensive
1	Lg screen w/ good resolution, easy to use
0	flash doesn't auto pop-up, minor ergonomic irks
0	Expensive ink; comparatively expensive
0	no tv hookups and batteries don't last too long
0	BATTERY LIFE! clarity, backlight, simply outdated
0	Expensive - Large Size 
0	Not expandable
1	1.3 megapixels will get you 54 pictures at 640 x 800
0	None.
0	AC adapter not included
1	Very small and lightweight phone!  Great features, ease of use.
1	You can run with a baby!
1	Cheap, has timer, nice case
0	a little pricy, but not too bad
1	Superb sound quality, durability, and options
1	can choose which pictures to keep
1	Its the best phone available on th market.
0	Cartridges are a tad high in price, short 1 year warranty
1	Small, with clear sound and nice screen.
0	Price of memory stick
0	Typical Home power not suitable, Warm-up times
0	Will eat batteries in less than a day if you are not careful.
0	The photo editing software offers little in the way of editing.  
1	Sharp image quality, easy to use/install, prints on a large variety of paper types.
0	everything else
0	Not compatible with Windows 2000, memory card included is too small
0	A little heavy. No 1600x1200 size setting.
1	The scanner feature works well, it's cheap, it prints papers OK
0	Screen brightness, no 3G compatibility, no downloadable ring tones, ringer too quiet, battery life weak
0	It has been discontinued and they are hard to come by.
1	High Quality, Good Price, Lasts a Long Time
0	Camera locks up when writing to media. Camera operation not user-friendly.  
0	Small, light, everyone has one, no web browser, weak signal
0	fat, gets very hot when in use
1	Outstanding Print Quality.
0	The holster is terrible compared to the Star-Tac.
0	Crummy original antenna, LCD hard to read in bright sunlight
1	Rugged, good looks, good battery, excellent reception.
0	none
1	Efficient, clear
1	Class leading versatility in seating configurations.  High quality design, construction and comfort.
0	larger babies don't fit as nicely.
0	Useless screen outdoors and slippery case.
1	Easy to use, powerful, cheap for the machine of its class
0	cost, weight
1	Size, Quality
0	Mine blew up
0	power button is hard to press, you won't need it often though
1	CDMA Technology Allows Connectivity To Laptop, Faceplates, Lithium Polymer Battery Capable
1	Great Pictures. Ease of use. Great built in bonus features (passport size photos etc..)
0	uses batteries fast but can be fixed by using power adapter and extension cord.
1	Small size. Great picture quality. Great quality overall. Small recharger &amp; included rechargable battery.
0	11X17 is rear loading so must be accessable
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, affordable media
1	good resolution and features for the price
0	Still a little pricey.  Can get lost quite easily.
1	Extremely high detail, very fast.
1	good price, good pictures, perfect for web use
1	Easy, great photos, many features
1	Cool look, great features
0	Low key pad noise and fragile antenna.
0	color reproduction
0	Price of Ink
0	It's pretty big, but it's still really great
1	comfortable, cleans up nicely
0	None so far!
0	can't think of one.
0	Infrared is not builtin. Small Screen. Standby is 3 days only. &#13;&#10;
1	ZOOM a great 10x zoom with optical stabilizer ease of use and great photos
1	B&amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	Inexpensive; easy setup; decent overall performance.  Optional 6-color printing!
1	Incredible features. Incredible resolution. Incredible flexibility
0	Speed
1	Small, lightweight camera, big on features and performance.
1	It has brilliant color,internet access,300 name phone book
0	None that I can find.
0	Bigger than the StarTac Digital
0	Price is a little bit, not too bad though, especially after the rebate.
0	Only one Cartridge- Black and Color Combined
0	Seems to get a lot of red-eye
0	Running costs, being up to 14.4c per page
0	Size, weight, price, availability, reception, the hours of teasing edured from co-workers.
1	Very small, sturdy, and feature filled
1	Good looking and is very cheap for what it is
0	Eats batteries up so fast that they must be removed after use!
1	Very colorful and pretty.
1	None
1	ease of use
0	battery door won't stay closed - not much use that way
0	Odd durability issues over time, Camera is poor quality, Navigation is slow
1	Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
1	Great point and shoot for the amateur., Advanced features for the more experienced.
1	Easy to use!!!!!!!!
1	macro ability can't be beat, and the nikon lens is amazing.
1	Writes to floppy, Large Zoom
1	Goes anywhere, provides publication-quality pictures; great warranty service
0	IT'S DEAF!!!!
1	color screen, weight, ease of use, reliability
1	Fast, easy to network, clear printing, good price
0	Loud paper feed noise.  Quality paper must be used. 
0	only comes with a 4mg stick
0	digital zoom switches to lower quality compression.
0	sometimes phone freezes up, have problems hearing through the phone when talking to someone
0	Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
0	No rechargeable batteries, small memory card, no top LCD
0	Battery only lasts 2 hours
1	Does the mechanical functions of its job correctly
1	price, easy answer
1	High quality images,stores images on either recordable or re-writable CDs,easy to coordinate with any computer
1	Nice print outs - once you get it going
1	Multi-band and multi-mode phone
1	Great Quality, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
1	Great photos, can add lenses and filters, large dynamic range in photos.
0	Dead spots and dropped calls
0	Cost of service, earpiece volume.
0	battery life could be longer
1	Quality and an mpeg recorder
1	It's a good printer and fax, when it works
1	Good print output, decent scanning, fax capabilities, Good copier abilities
1	Price
0	I CAN'T THINK OF ANY
0	The Display crashes
1	Great features, love the ability to change face plates
0	weak belt clip, heavy
1	Too few to mention
1	Good print quality, relatively fast, very inexpensive
0	heavy! difficult to open and close
0	confusing
1	Crisp,clear photo realistic prints....
1	Easy to use, Great quality Pictures, affordable
1	internal antenna, free with plan
1	10x Zoom lens, Many features
0	Lacks ISO settings / features for more advanced options.
1	cheap and small
1	Long battery life, good design, USB, expandable memory
0	Bad quality finish. Poor connector to the charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
0	dropped calls//not often
0	Battery life is short, and picture reaction is a little slow.
1	Voice activation technology is great; speaker quality is superb.
1	Hi Resolution, low price, great macro
1	GReat sound quality, great little phone
0	Subpar in ALL phases
1	Very good quality printer for a low cost
1	Can use for infants to toddlers 40lbs
0	time between shutter pressed and picture taken too long.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1024x768 max&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Price tag!!!
1	Snazzy looks and "light show" Fairly simple, great for people who are not technologically sound.
1	Voice activated dialing.
0	Bad battery usage
1	SMOOTH operation, affordable, adjustable handle for short and tall people...a lifesaver!
0	Canopy, recline and storage basket.
0	slow
1	easy to handle, use, good for emailing pictures.
1	Seems like you would get more for your money with this stroller.
1	Ease of use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
1	It fits into the cell pocket on my backpack.
1	Easy to hold, use
1	Print quality, quiet, fast
0	But not quite normal size.  Memory card included is too small.
1	Great photo quality
1	Excellent color, has histogram
0	Flimsy, Buggy, Poor Performance
1	Better looking than most printers, good quality prints, better with updated drivers from Epson
1	Cheap to buy
0	Need to figure out (on your own) some of the more detailed options available.
1	Cheap; decent photos; decent software.
0	Lens cap could be lost.
1	Cheap
0	Software supplied does not seem very good
0	Seems to echo quite badly. Battery life.
1	Great sharp Images,price,great zoom ratio,nice control layout,nice size LCD.
0	mediocre photo printing, bad paper trays
1	High definition, batteries last up to about 4 hours.
0	Flash is useless,  Lack of Mac Support
0	Expensive, antennas break constantly
1	excellent photo reproduction; ease of installation and usage
0	Center Bar that supports folding handles breaks, it is a KNOWN design flaw
0	lack of color, reception, volume, background noise
1	Very lightweight, reversible handle, can take you from newborn years through toddler
1	JAVA, Battery Life, Voice notes, Speaker phone, quick charge time
0	No AC Adapter included. 
1	Size,Functions,Wireless Modem!
1	Decent Price, Ink Meter view when printing. Good black print quality 
1	65K Color Screen, Features, Weight, Signal Strength, Battery Life
1	It's little...
0	Only the cost, but worth every penny.
1	Quality. Advanced manual options.  SMALL for its feature set
1	Excellent build construction, good image quality, swivel design
1	nice quality
0	Half-second shutter lag, but apparently almost EVERY digital camera has this.
0	Bigger than ink jet, noisier.
1	Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
1	Has all the bells and whistles, outstanding print quality
1	Prints quickly, great color quality for the price, quiet, good looks, simple to use and set up
0	cartridge cost,color fade,print quality
0	none found so far, working like a dream
0	long wait for highest quality photo printing
0	no lens cover, no video out, no optical zoom, fragile battery and CF doors.
0	Still a bit out-of-reach for the majority of the middle-low income, a few design problems.
0	Only loads into computer half the time with associated software
0	No speed demon
0	Eats Batteries
1	Lightweight, good quality, good value for money
0	not getting same functionality as dedicated machines
1	low cost, slim size, works better than all other phones i had
0	short battery life, feels awkward.
1	Great print quality, good color, easy to use
1	Size, Bright Light, Add Ons
0	Bad quality in low light, bulky case, slow LCD
0	The ink is very expensive!
1	Great looking phone, changeable face plates.
1	Nice design, abundance of options, games included
0	A bit on the annoyingly oversized side.
1	copier, fax, color printer, scanning
1	Fast, quiet, prints beautifully, double-sided printing.
1	reception durability
1	Cheap, excellent quality, fast, stylish, small footprint.
0	Apparently not very compatible with Windows XP
1	Price, Resolution Output
0	Looking a little large and dated
1	inexpensive (if not free), durable, all the standard features
0	Easily dialed accidentally.
1	Unbeatable output
0	LCD screen not easy to clean
0	Kind of slow 
1	Sexy looking phone, sturdy construction, and exceptional performance.
0	Doesn't work
1	Superb picture quality
1	excellent clear sound
0	Battery life could be better. Storage disks somewhat inadequate.
1	Cheap.  Blue backlight.
0	Not Many, A little slow between Pictures
1	Steers great
1	form factor, SmartMedia, photo quality, QuickTime movies
1	Cheap, functional
0	None
1	Using the Private Ready, I can ALWAYS get through to my husband.
0	Bad design, slow response time, bad reception. Not worth the pain.
0	ring tone choices are few.
1	Profiles, big address book, reliable
0	Menu too imbedded, making choices/changes difficult
1	zoom, size, ease of use
0	High CPU Overhead, Expensive
0	Flimsy paper trays.
0	none found
1	Excellent picture quality, Lots of advanced features.
1	Cheap, sturdy, easy to use
0	Takes 4AA batteries, is larger and weighs more then the avg. digital camera
1	DOES IT ALL: PRINTS, COPIES &amp;amp; FAX
0	Only if ink were cheaper (all ink)
0	no usb included
0	Useless camera, and "Verizon Wireless" message every 5 seconds.
1	Inexpensive, has many features more expensive cameras don't, intuitive interface
1	Great Price, Great Images,Ease of use
0	Not compatible with all Macintosh system, only 8mb internal memory
1	Great, fun, feature rich, good price for the Mpxls.
0	Only one game
0	high ink costs, poor print quality
0	Serial cable instead of USB no shutter speed control(that or I haven't found it yet) flimsy memory card door High Power consumption! 
0	Good quality but not best, sort of slow moving.
0	Poor standard battery life. , 4MB memory card not sufficient
1	Small and easy to use
0	Highlights "burn out" in bright sunshine.
0	Small (16MB) memory card, batteries are not rechargeable.  Bigger than some others I have tried.
1	LIGHTWEIGHT, EASY TO USE, GREAT PRICE &amp;amp; VERY GOOD COPIES
0	Can't think of a one... not into anything MAC so I really don't care that they're not compatible
1	not too many
0	low voice volume, terrible camera, phone locks up and drops calls
1	Easy to use, lots of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;high quality LCD screen. 
1	Excellent price, quality of pics, and durable
0	Software interface can still confuse some
0	Large footprint.  Needs lots of room.  Canon paper is expensive.
0	can't think of any
0	Heavyweight
0	Size, initial cost (street price $290-$350)
0	None at this price point
0	slow on graphics, trouble printing straight, &lt;b&gt;loud&lt;/b&gt;, doesn't always turn it off when you want it to
0	Little on the expensive side
0	Small paper capacity, small ink capacity, slow, print head built onto printer
0	Small
0	Flimsy card cover, long recovery time between shots
1	Lightweight &amp; easy to hold.
1	It has a am/fm radio that you can listen to with ear piece
0	without video this is just like the DSC-S30, but $100.00 more
1	It's size is nice.  It is easy to use for the most part.
1	Saves Desk Space.  
0	A little difficult to assemble
1	Compact design (sleek and sexy!), great reception
0	Weak red-eye protection, no power adapter.
0	Battery could be better, 16MB flash card
0	Big, expensive cartridges, can't stop a job in the middle of printing.
1	Cool changeable covers
1	Decent printing quality
1	clamshell design, great reception, good looks, easy to use menu system, low SAR score
0	ear speaker, ring too soft
0	Expensive, Only 8MB, Steady hand required, Battery hog, Can't find substitutes for expensive accessories
0	none
1	good price
0	cartridges
0	Eats up batteries, Has a problem with light control.
0	None.
1	Easy to use
0	somewhat slow
1	clear printing and great colors!
1	Easy to use, AUTO Focus, Fast Downloads to computer, fantastic pictures, excellent price
1	price, 4 cartridge, cheap ink
1	Convenient size, VERY easy to use, wireless web
0	A little pricey, shakes alot. Ink consumtion
0	low speaker volume, no web capacities!!!
0	Quirky preview image quality, limited aperture control
1	Great quality digital photos at a very affordable price.
1	Great pictures, corrects red eye problem in Coolpix2500, compact and stores loads of pictures
0	SLOOOOWWWW upload times.  Doesn't hold settings. Awkward to hold.  No lens cap strap. 
1	true PDA smartphone w/touch screen, expansion slot for SD cards, excellent reception
0	Limited accessories at this point and no black cover!
0	Slow, horrible quality, terrible machine
1	Cheap
0	upload to computer is slow
0	none- price depending on what you paid
1	Excellent quality of pictures, Rugged, good looks. 
0	Has a mediocre vibrate function. Talk time battery life could be better.
0	Resolution ... 1.2 mp  is the base for most graphic work... but ..just enough
1	Easy to Use. Great for limited home use.
1	Copier, scanner, printer all in one fairly quiet HP machine
0	None?
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
1	Small changes from the 7210/6610 make this an outstanding phone.
0	No Zoom available and drains batteries too rapidly.
0	&amp;#13;&amp;#10;IBM Microdrive not supported, some stripes on LCD screen
1	Very good price, excellent quality in all functions.
0	prone to crashing
0	None so far
0	low optical zoom
1	price
1	Small, good games, pretty easy to navigate, nice looking, easy to carry
0	Sprint phone case opens by itself
0	Price
0	Somewhat clunky, window gets scratched and becomes hard to see through
1	Compact, superior picture quality, very user friendly.
0	Fragile, poor sound, low battery life, etc.
1	It copies, scans and faxes
1	Attractive clamshell, external speaker
1	Compact size, light-weight, many features, battery life, Two way text messaging.
1	convenience
1	Amazing Quality, Good Speed, And Quiet
0	Can take longer to download in older computers with no USB port
0	SD cards are expensive
1	Small size, excellent clarity
1	Functionality, Reliability, Reception
1	Price, Ease of use, Build Quality
1	Doesn't cost much and gets the job done again and again
1	unbeatable price, easy setup, reliable
1	Reception, voice clarity, size and it just plain looks good!
1	Good battery life, nice keys, bluetooth
0	The phone is bulky and the antenna a bit flimsy.
0	serial connection too slow, needs many batteries, no bag and inadequate lens-cover
1	Quality and Reliability
1	Sharp pictures, easy to read display, easy to operate
1	Worked well initially
1	Two way radio service
1	The 460/490 were among the first point and shoot digicams to impress professional photographers.
1	easy to steer, goes over any surface, has a hand brake and a &amp;quot;leash&amp;quot; 
0	may be too small, aftermarket products hard to find, expensive
1	Amazingly small, metal skin, easy to use, decent battery life, no Windows drivers needed
0	A little "plastic" looking, drains batteries quickly, picture editing software is useless
1	Great quality, borderless printing and a great price.
0	totally unreliable
0	Carts are a bit pricey and printing can be painfully slow especially with color documents.
0	Pic quality is C-, problems, poor manufacturer support, waste of money in the long run
0	A little pricey
1	Good camera for under $400.  Small but durable
1	Great Reception.
0	flimsy paper tray
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	only stores 8 pictures at a time, extremely poor photo quality, everything is washed in blue, all photos have &amp;quot;fish bowl&amp;quot; effect
0	None
1	Small, Light, Bluetooth, IR, Battery Life, Tri-band
1	3+ Mega-Pixels and Great performance!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use, Easy to maintain.
1	Durable, Battery life, flip.
0	Slightly slow for color
1	Reliability,picture quality,easy to read manual and well organized tech support
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
0	battery life, upload time
0	Tremendous ink consumption, frequent paper jams
1	Small, Good Lens, Rechargeable Battery Supplied,Nice Design
0	red eye with built in flash 
0	Sell some memory with the camera, please.
0	print speed
0	Could be lighter
0	A bit slow to start and between pictures, uses a lot of battery.
1	Compact 2mp camera.  Easy to use.  Good range of features
1	easy to use , FUN
0	can think of none unless you want real speed
1	Thin, but not fragile.  Stylish.
0	palm OS alarm not loud. no sending SMS messages by default. Some bugs.
0	Very Poor Item and Unfair fees from  Customer  Service
1	Free
0	Shows fingerprints easily. Cost is relatively high.
1	High Quality Printing-especially when used on photo paper; &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;rarely&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt; jams;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use
0	Ink is expensive and not as easy to find as most brands.
1	Low cost, excellent macro lens, fairly intuitive design for easy use
0	price, standard zoom features
1	Nice index print ("contact sheet")
0	Doesn't scan 4X6 color prints very well.
1	Fun, huge and bright screen, flexible use of memory, infrared port, clarity
0	nothing out of the ordinary
0	Hard to install for Windows 98 
0	Pictures not the best.
0	Text browser, ringer bug
1	Least expensive Bluetooth equipped phone. Speakerphone great.  Camera good enough for email.
1	Durable, light and easy to use.
0	Some red eye
0	buttons may be too small for those with big hands,no color screen, antenna?
0	Lacks some features of G2
1	get the prints you want
1	Solid HP quality that is lasting and high quality output.
0	Large form factor, no hot-shoe
0	None
1	2 mega pixel quality, good zoom lens, ease of use.
0	Larger footprint than the HP printers
0	No Bluetooth/IR
1	Great print quality, great price, toner saver feature
1	size, looks, features, software usability
0	Easy to atomize when thrown into high-speed traffic.
1	Small, good camera, BT, nice WAP browser, joystick control, excellent RF, nice screen, world phone
0	Quiet ring tones, GRPS service not available everywhere.
1	price,its cute,has all basic needed features
0	delay between pictures
0	Games are ok
0	Slow serial download, lens needed re-focusing, 
1	Terrific Pictures
0	cheap plastics do not contribute to solid feel, lack of optical zoom
1	Size, picture quality, pc interface, lcd screen, ease of use
1	lightweight, dependable, and very durable
0	none
1	The phone is small and sleek with big performance.
1	Antenna fixed, solid construction, nice speakerphone
1	Ease of use, feature set, software included
1	Great photos, ease of use, sharp lens
0	Software instability.
0	Inconsistent results with flash, small memory stick included,controls difficult to make selections.
0	none yet
0	Plastic body feels fragile
1	flashlight, radio, speakerphone, battery lasts forever
0	Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor quality faceplate.
0	Antenna is huge -- almost as long as the phone when fully extended.
0	Lens cap, thats it!
1	easy to use, good quality, good price
0	Bad red-eye.  The worst case of "flash flare" ever.
0	none
1	Relatively low-cost, decent picture quality and simple to use
0	reliability, color, battery life.
0	Ink Cartridges are very expensive
1	Long lasting, durable, compact, good price, not annoying to use/easy to use
0	price
1	Affordable, easy interface, acceptable picture quality.
0	none
1	Incredible image quality.  Nightshot!  Can be fully manual.
1	Quality, Price, Durability, Ease of Use, Design, Brand Name, Wide market spread.
0	large size, unable to download
0	sound quality is only so-so
0	Small display, somewhat dated, interface just OK
0	I believe Coolpix to be a bit childish but the camera sure proves that wrong.
0	no video recording on it
1	Great Color.  Great Price
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
0	Echoing is terrible! Other party often reports they cannot hear me clearly.
1	NOT ONE
0	Nothing really about the camera itself, but the extra flash cards are kinda' high.
1	Awesome LCD, speed demon, low barrel distortion
1	Fast, good quality full page photo printing, reads memory cards.
0	doesn't come with AC adapter
1	Great speakerphone, nice dialing thru address book, good pda, fast internet browser, ir beaming
1	tv-out, webcam capable
0	Weight
0	Poor cartridge performance, problems with paper feeder
1	EASE OF USE, GREAT PHOTOS
0	The LCD screen is not very acurate (fuzzy) not many functions.
0	Bulky, not the best resolution
0	Too small, keyboard too small, buttons too small, phone doesn't reach mouth and ear.
1	Great Pictures.  Easy to use.  Great battery life with NiMH.
1	Economical and Versatile, High quality color output with high capacity toner packs! 
0	control is a bit awkward, battery life not very long
0	hard to read display, selection wheel is temperamental.
1	Easy to use - fun at first
0	Expensive ink.
0	Color match, tech support
1	Unique features, movie mode, dual media, functionallity
1	Still works fine.
1	SLR style form factor, flash hotshoe, 10x zoom, picture quality
0	A little heavier than other phones, also, accessories can be expensive at times.
1	270 degree swivel lens, LCD display, various camera modes
1	Great design, small in size, simple to use
0	Slow, poor color resolution, noisy
0	speed
1	special tones
1	Easy to use, takes great pics for the average user, docking station is great.
0	Reliability, dependability, poor quality and poor tech support
1	size,image quality
1	It is a copier, fax machine, printer &amp; scanner all in one.
1	Small,  easy to use,  nice features, easy and flexible connectivity to PC etc.
0	Has no low / middle battery indicator.
0	Yellow Tint Indoors, Few Physical Design Flaws
0	Not for Alkalines.
1	Compact, many features, ease of use
0	Does not print to edge,  Discontinued for the 1280
0	close ups are bad, drain on the batteries
1	Fast, quality pictures, great color and ease of use
1	Ease of Use, Size, Looks, price
0	None so far.
1	free,camera,media net,external screen,sound recording
1	Compact, excellent quality print, well-built
0	Pricey.  (I found a bargain online).
0	Slow printing, expensive paper, manual&amp;#13;&amp;#10;comes on CD-ROM only.
0	None
0	Non-rechargable batteries, Very short battery life, Memory card fairly small
1	Color Screen, Cool Style, Data Link can be used as a portable modem for  laptops.
0	picture quality not 35mm, blurred photos
1	Great size, good battery life, rings or vibrates.
0	expensive up keep
1	Ease of use, light weight, low cost, good quality images/video
0	battery life a little short
1	Capable of extremely high image quality,  , Very short shutter release lag
0	Paper supply on the small side, slow to warm up
0	Bulky
0	read opinion for further details, too many to list here.
1	Small and compact. It has excellent 6 times optical zoom for price. Excellent photos.
1	Price, optical zoom, bright outdoor photos.
0	short battery life, no manual focus, Kodak photo editing software is poor
0	Needs a better instruction manual, but remedies this with online support
0	No AC adapter, LCD and USB Kills battery's 
1	Very sharp! Excellent zooming, good view panel, easy to use
0	Not particularly user-friendly
0	Lens cap comes off too easy.  Easily lost
0	Lag from when you press the button.
0	Large footprint, Win2000 buggy,no cables
1	Color screen, ok service.
0	S-L-O-W To spool up, Jams, Adequate drivers
0	Poor camera, easy to scratch, ear jack is hard to open.
1	Solid, sturdy. Non-color screen is visible in bright daylight, color screens aren't!
0	mechanical parts
0	takes a few moments to change ink cartridges
0	Shutter lag, picture quality (yellow tone), battery life
0	don't make this one mistake...
1	High quality prints
1	Good design and size; price; lithium-ion rechargeable battery
0	None
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	Reliable, sturdy printer, awesome text quality, job cancel button. Quiet!
1	easy-to-use, durable
0	Autofocus tends to hunt a lot, slow startup time
0	Battery usage and button design
0	limited photographic composition 
0	noisy grainy images after ISO 200,, cheap silver paint EATS BATTERIES 
1	Easy to use, small, and a good size LCD.
1	Multi-functional, easy to operate
0	Sound quality and phone quality problems.
1	Great Options, Video Feature, Small, Easy to Upload, Easy to Upgrade Memory
1	good price, decent photos, very easy to use
1	Amazing Print Quality, Low Price, Space Saving Design
1	Copies and Prints photos without a PC
1	Superb Black and Color Printing!  Excellent Photo Quality!
1	perfect prints! Fast printing
0	A little big, and a little heavy, could use a little more storage and resolution.
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	NOT VISION ENABLED, This phone is not or never will support vision.
1	Reversible handlebar, big air filled shock absorbing wheels, and converts to carriage.
0	delay between snap of button and actual picture taking; short battery life
0	circular keypad
0	viewing screen dims sometimes
0	can't print higher than a 5x7
0	No stationary brakes.  
0	No bugscreen or weathershield; seat needs extra seating pad (cost extra)
0	Car charger not included, poor ear piece quality, Cam poor resolution, screen scratched up easily.
1	super light, quick start up, long battery life, sturdy casing
1	Excellent photo print quality. High resolution scanner. Quick scanning of fax documents.
1	Compact Size, Easy to Carry, 2.1 Mega Pixel
0	terrible battery life, terrible service, dropped calls
0	None
1	Low Cost Ink, Average Quality (Prints), USB
1	Great for posed pictures,, Good quality pictures., Quick review time of pictures
1	good size, looks nice
0	difficult to type in email
0	Win98/95, Power Mac.
1	Excellent voice quality, superb battery life, quality construction
1	quiet, faster, great photo on photo paper
0	Chews batteries which are high dollar,poor picture quality,no flash control 
1	Great pictures, crisp LCD display, better zoom than most 2.1's at this price
0	cost
0	Jams easily, and doesn't feed without a lot of assistance.
1	Copier can be used without PC, decent quality color print for money.
1	Amazing Printing Quality and Design
0	VCast mostly a gimmick, calendar sync to Outlook is messy.
1	Nice printing ability, hardly any paper jams, easy to use/hook up to your computer
1	Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory stick media, movie mode with sound.
1	good features, great pics
0	Outdated
0	So light it feels a little flimsy; LCD could be larger (only 1.5")
0	No zoom
1	great printer and copier, multifunction and reasonably priced
0	Zoom is not enough
0	it is heavy
0	Drivers don't work with Windows 2000
1	Light weight, Clear sound quality, loads of other features
1	Excellent 3 color display, easy to use, small, and light.
1	Changeable housing, good talk time, strong basic features, low price tag, compact
0	battery life and some controls
1	size
0	None
0	Speaker is not very crispy, Styling is quite boxy and bulky
1	Fairly reliable; excellent battery life; easy to use
0	flash not great
0	Poor contact management, can't feel keys, No IR port, Poor battery life with Bluetooth enabled
1	quick, compact, manual feed slot, price
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	dirt cheap
1	Sleek, handy, light, trendy, super cool.
1	Excellent photo quality , very good printing quality , Low Price.
1	Easy to use, many settings
1	Duplex printing. HP reliability. Ease of use.
1	Reliable, high quality, special effects
0	Ring is not loud in public. Dial pad just a bit too small.
1	Small size, great print quality, uses dual cartridges, easy install
1	Inexpensive
0	None.
0	no zoom, no pre-view capabilities, medium-quality images
0	No View Finder, Zoom Could Be Better, 1 Second Delay On Shutter Operation
0	Pricey, heavy, flimsy battery door, 8 mb CF card
0	Straps on car seat too short
1	Great features at an entry level price
0	haven't found any yet
1	Refer to this epinion.
1	Cheap, good printing
0	Atrocious, annoying, frustratingly complex and inefficient user interface.  Hand-free headsets break frequently.
0	I do not like the way it feeds the paper in
1	Beautiful Machine
1	Great colors
1	It looks pretty with flashing blue lights
1	rechargeable batteries, LCD with picture playback
0	Ink thirsty, ink dries out fast, expensive ink cartridges 
1	easy to operate, able to view picture immediatly
0	Cant even depend on basic functions of make and receive calls
0	Phone is constructed very poorly.
0	does not come with an AC adapter..must be purchased separately,and not easy to find, best bet is to order direct from Epson
0	Stay away from this trash
0	none i have encountered
0	photo quality average (when photo blown up)
0	No (non-digital) zoom, eats batteries, poor software, variable performance in some lighting conditions
1	CF Type II media, 3 Megapixels, audio with movies, good battery
1	Accessories
1	Excellent display,
0	Clarity - no.
1	2 MEGAPixel camera, excellent night shots
1	Easy to use, great quality. Quick printing
1	Great camera. Great video and MP3. Solid phone.
0	Slow, poor print quality, voracious ink usage
0	everything else!
1	Cheap!, Color Screen, Battery Life, polyphonic ring tones
0	Might be too small for some tastes.  Occasional dropped call.
1	Battery life, reception, durability, solid keys
0	Dropped Calls, poor call quality. Voice Commands need HELP!
1	Rugged, simple (no camera).
1	Everything- tech, design, build, features, user friendly...
1	price, easy-to-use, great software, screen.
0	Low resolution, heavy, availability of spare batteries.
1	Great text quality
1	Economically Priced
0	Not too many options
0	Pricey ink. Slow duplex unit.  Usual HP print driver problems.  Small glitches.
0	SHORT Battery Life, Terrible Pictures in Low Light
1	Small Size, LCD settings display w/o using the color screen
0	No talkie on base, voice command somewhat interprative, &#13;&#10;leather case = dumb.
1	Durability and call quality
0	Small paper tray (100 sheets)
0	none so far
1	Good quality print and color. Easy set up.
0	Not your smallest phone, or stylish. Vibrator feature not built in.
0	Slow f stop at F4 which is wide open.
1	4 mpixels. Huge assortment of accessories. Infinitely many shooting options.
1	Excellent Sound Clarity, Powerful Antenna, Stylish
1	easy to use
0	Slow
0	none (in use since late 2000)
0	No cons that I've encountered!
1	3 in 1,, fairly cheap,, easy to use
0	high price unit and toner
1	All the many features this phone has to offer!
1	Price, menu interface, looks, style, general features, MOTOROLA name, signal, many more.
1	Large canopy, built in rain cover, ample padding, stores compactly
0	total call time
0	looks cheap
1	Decent color printing
1	bluetooth, color screen, good price.
1	Converts from traditional "baby carriage" to stroller, full boot for winter, very plush
0	Memory stick = Too small, upgrade immeadiately
1	Absolutely NONE
1	small, goodlooking, good macro and automatical focus, quick trigger, good picture display
0	Overpriced
1	tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	Great SLR features &amp; unparalelled zoom
0	No color and cannot be used with the Macintosh. 
1	Easy, inexpensive, no polka-dots
0	bluetooth, handwrite recognition, memory expansion.   Well, just not there yet.
0	deceptive advertising, hair trigger, faulty port
0	Need at  least $5500 to get started
0	small basket, no leg room in rear
1	Low price, easy setup, works well with Mac OS 10.2
1	Nice Camera
1	High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
1	Fun Friendly Design!
1	Longlasting rechargeable battery, small and light, good documentation, fast USB connection
1	Small, lightweight, thin, good reception, solid construction, free with plan!
1	The stroller is light but very well made.  It is very easy to use.  
1	No waiting to get prints processed
1	Small, feels solid, takes good pictures, and hey, lets admit it, it just looks cool.
0	bulky size, low pixels
1	great graphics, 4x pictures, skinny phone
0	overall design, navigation key
0	Sometimes hard to hear
1	Great Size, Very convenient, Extremely user friendly,
1	Compact size, excellent picture quality, great value
0	Too trivial to even be worth mentioning here.
0	no usb, no sound with movies
0	buy a battery for every photo you plan on taking, don't plan on the photos being very good
0	original cartridges that come with printer are short on ink
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	High quality photos.  Very Useful.  Great Close-ups.  I love this camera!  
0	it breaks many times, bad reception and battery life is short
1	It has an on-off switch, price
0	Initial Purchase Cost
1	Excellent quality photos. Great value. Accepts Flash cards.
0	none!
0	eats batteries for breakfast, must have rechargable ones
1	DIGITAL
0	Plastic housing (although feels sturdy).
1	Sexy looking, good reception, small and stylish
1	small, lightweight, if you have experience with cell phones, it's easy to use.
0	Saving numbers in the directory, loud initial ringer volume
0	Bulk.  Noise.  So-so Print Quality.
0	Somewhat pricey initial cost; plug-in not easily accessible
1	just about everything
1	Output is great
0	poor speaker phone and clunky
0	Quality of Picture, Battery Life, Tech Support, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC
0	Nothing I did not expect before buying.  Nothing worth complaining about.
0	poor software, serial connection, storage space
0	None!
0	The phone just goes bad and it needs to be replaced by your provider.
0	Battery life
0	expensive, fall short of every function.
0	None that I found, so far.
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
1	Inexpensive, fax capability
1	Bright screen, light weight, intuitive to use
0	expensive, not reliable, terrible customer care
1	Prints beautiful pictures. 
0	Does not do well with action shots, slow recovery to take next shot
0	Bigger than most cell phones
0	Shutter lag, cant see through LCD/EVF in the dark.
1	Clean, fast entry level printer.
1	USB, ease-of-use, great photos
0	none
1	Great reception
1	Lightweight, simple to use, cute looking, basic internet access
1	Good picture quality, point and click, unlimited storage on compact cards, and audio capability.
0	PHONE SHUTS OFF! Terrible reception, bad side buttons, slow processor.
0	Hyper-sensitive microphone. Occasional re-dials required.
1	Easy operation/excellent results
0	Bad product.  Wouldn't accept a fax.  Shakes.  Copies skewed.  Dropouts.
0	Not comfortable for long conversations
1	2.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
0	Battery life could be better, cheep lens cap, badly placed status indicator/light 
0	VERY VERY VERY low volume for ear piece
0	One handed use sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	Windows Driven (memory dependant), no DOS printing
1	Great zoom,  perfect for web or email,good battery life, worth the $$
0	Didn't come with a cord or black ink. 
1	Ease of use, phonebook
1	cheap and small, color faxing
0	No downloadable pictures.
1	Size, display, easy controls
1	For the money good quality pictures.
0	Only 16 MB C&amp;#238;mpactFlash, 2CR5 - poor battery life (need rechargable battery)
1	Light-weight, nice-size display, loaded with options
0	Sometimes feeds too much paper or jams, so don't leave it unattended.
1	excellent picture quality, light weight, cheap ink, quiet.
1	Everything!!! It has class, style, function, durability, portability!!
0	Not compatable with Windows NT
0	somewhat heavy
0	Battery life :(
1	good quality pictures, compact design, digital capabilities, easy photo transfer
1	Ease of use, Affordability
0	Released too soon, still has way too many bugs.
1	Easy to use, good quality, great price
0	Keeps breaking! Low speaker level, too.
0	Low Battery life like all digitals, Extra step to process pix
1	very straightforward, reliable, great customer support,light,easy to move and transport, easy to set up, versatile
1	Durable, easy to use, some good features
1	You can't kill it
0	the price,does not fully recline
1	Cheap, compact, decent print quality when it works, did i say cheap?
1	Simple for the novice, comfortable, sharp pictures, quick and durable!
0	No lens cover
0	Only scans flat sheets, not books
1	Lightweight,compact, carry strap, cup/bottle holders, receives car seat, speaker system, maneuvers easily, expandable hood
1	Great pictures, handy smartcard printing, lasting for quite a while.
1	Good size, takes excellent pictures in natural lighting, faster shutter speed than some,good price.
0	The manual operations aren't great.
0	bad quality photos, no flash, long wait for download
1	Numerous features, excellent manual
0	ringers are a bit quiet,made by cheap plastic parts
1	cheap, hard to screw up, easy to use jog dial for simple menus
0	shoulder strap was hard to install until I read the instructions
0	Horrid, selfish software
0	ring/vibrate not simultaneous, "cute" menus, screen dim in daylight, charger 'plug' difficult to remove.
0	None of it works reliably!
1	Attractive, Easy to use, Produces fine results, Full-Featured
0	*Reprint button could be security risk *Immature OS X drivers, not on CD *Not upgradable
0	expensive
1	Build in lens cover, affordable price, 
0	Antenna is vulnerable
1	tiny, can use 6190 home and car chargers, comes w/ headset
1	Fantastic Features
0	3X Zoom is weak and SmartMedia cards are VERY fragile, eats batteries
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
0	the black color
0	Hot base, short battery life
1	Small, light, excellent color reproduction, web cam, 20 sec video
0	A little slow to shoot
0	flimsy lens cap, software difficulties
0	May not be the newest printer on the market... hey, it's a classic!
0	poor reception, low battery life, big bulky antenna
0	None that I can find
1	It works!
1	Multi-band: GSM, TDMA, Analog
0	tiny screen, terrible color quality, poor quality camera, no card storage and MORE
1	Fast, high quality, reliable
0	Nothing that would keep me from buying it again.
1	Very Cheap, Useful, Removable Flash cards, PC Link.
0	Ring too soft, Volume too low
0	missed calls, weak signals
0	Apparent bug may need remove/replace battery infrequently
0	Short battery life
0	none so far
1	Could be used as a weapon in the battle of good vs evil
0	Small Paper Feed, Noisy
1	Versatility
0	The price might be the biggest turnoff!
1	Ok price. Looked good in the store.
0	Inordinate long period of time for the camera to save a picture.
1	Convenient size
0	No WAP, heavy, no Li-Ion battery
1	Price seemed good when I bought it.
1	clear communication, easy to use, very portable and compact
1	Speaker phone
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
1	It looks nice
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Size, Images
0	Pay extra for the infant seat, bulky
1	light weight, very compact
1	Inexpensive-lightweight-easy to use-great quality photos
1	Small, Microdrive capable, sharp pictures
1	none
0	no lens cover
0	heavy, poor reception,retarded keypad, randomly disconnects, annoying low batt sound, very few ring tones,
1	Great reception and good battery life
0	MEMORY IS LIMITED.
1	quality, warranty, flexibility
1	small size
0	Expensive Service Plans
0	too monstrous to carry as all-access cell phone
1	Megapixel at great price
1	Price, Print Speed, Size, Look, Sound
1	Ultra-sleek, mega-features, user-friendly
0	battery life, slow picture transfer
1	Many functions, cheap price
1	Great buy for the features and picture quality!
0	Well, you get what you pay for...
0	No extra features like text messaging, e-mail, or games.
1	add-on lenses (teleconverters,wideangle,fisheye) are available and compatible with more expensive Nikon Coolpix 
0	Ease of use
0	Over priced, HUGE camera, heavy, film is expensive, battery life 
1	Everything!
1	small, caller ID/ clock on outside, durable
0	No flip front option
0	battery life, occasional slow auto focus and shutter speed (my bad probably) in low light
0	black ink runs dry, tech support sucks
1	made with the professional in mind&amp;#13;&amp;#10;very reliable and easy to use
1	Thin design; Stylish; Customization features
1	Small size, metal casing, weather proof
1	good and cheap
1	Roomy, easy to turn sharp corners, comfy
0	Battery life not great if you use the phone much.
1	Ease of use, quality of picture, price.
1	Brilliant color and b/w printing, prints on photo size paper
1	Its phone-radio capability is everything you wish you had 3 years ago.
1	Lightweight, web-enabled, clarity, blt-in speakerphone, inexpensive
1	The software package has some good editing capabilities.
1	picture quality, ease of use
1	Bluetooth, IR, GSM, light weight, great accesories
1	Comfortable to wear, loud ringer, interchangable covers.
1	Easy of use, Photo Quality, Fun
0	Bad quality overall; camera, ring-tones, graphics are all bad.
1	This camera produces high quality images and superior detail
1	durability, lightweight
0	A bit expensive; no customizable ringtones; some still find it too bulky.
1	Great picture taking, Excellent exposure controls, Amazing autoexposure
0	none
1	Long battery life
1	Small, lightweight, includes good software
1	small, lightweight, and VERY durable.
0	none so far
1	good picture, erase the bad photos
1	many many features, great sound, triband, light weight
0	Antenna Close to Head, Some Problems with Call Quality
0	Separate ink cartridges 
1	Easy to operate
1	good size, excellent reception, voice dialing
1	comfortable to use, many well-developed features
0	Fairly large and heavy, small basket.
1	Radio
1	Roomy, sturdy, convenient snack area, large storage basket
1	Looks good. Holds a battery charge well. Interchangeable face plate.
0	Gets squeaky and flimsy on the long run
1	Outstanding call quality, Small convenient size, Lots of features
0	Above 4.8x zoom don't expect clarity. 
0	Slow software, quiet SMS notification
1	Agreat lightweight phone
1	Easy to use, affordable
0	none
0	Ugly Case that cost extra.&#13;&#10;No expansion module slot.
1	Good price, good pictures.
1	size, shape, caller id, voicemail, voice activated dialing, sound quality
1	low price, durable quality
0	Uses ink quickly, small software bundle
1	On paper, this could be a great stroller.
0	Nothing fancy
1	Works fine when new
1	Small, Cheap, Decent Warranty, CHEAP...
1	affordable, wonderful quality on any paper
1	Small, quiet, photo quality, provides excellent prints on glossy paper
1	Super Battery Life, Lightweight, Small
1	Very clear and sharp, inexpensive, light, USB, Tech support, long lasting cartrages
0	some purple fringing, battery hog
1	cost, size, convenience
0	camera can be a power hog
1	Very stylish, well-made, very small and light, and global (900/1900)
1	Good digital camera for the price paid.
1	Good Price; Easy to Use; Great Software; Elegant Design
0	flimsy stroller, stroller doesn't recline
0	small and cheap
1	mp3 player, bluetooth, reception
0	flash to bright for close-up photos, photos are brighter on small view screen that in reality
1	Long Lasting Battery, Fun to use!
1	Price, quality of printing
1	Great service, good battery life
0	none so far
0	Doesn't Alway Work Correctly, Bad Ring Tone Selection and Cannot Download New Ones.
0	battery life, no address book synching
1	user Friendly, very reasonable price
1	Wonderful, sturdy, long lasting system
0	Serial Cable, poor software, poor battery life
0	Prints crooked , can't print to edge  , not waterproof , no user manual
1	Fast, Scalable, and Easy Software.
0	Not piles of memory, battery eater.
0	perhaps the tiny keys but not a real issue for me.
0	slow scanner
1	Great color printing, excellent paper handling, USB and serial capable (Mac)
0	Headset jack keeps dying!
1	Good Pictures, Flash, Software Photo Suite 4, Compact, Easy to Use
0	Eats batteries
0	Clunky image viewing software, short battery life with alkalines
0	Not very rugged, battery life could be better, extended battery makes unit very thick.
1	Impressive features that are much needed for the advanced amateur.
0	Reception, reception ... did I mention, RECEPTION?
0	poor images
0	Durability of Product,
1	easy-to-use, inexpensive, compact, marginal image quality
0	It Broke!!!
0	DO NOT PURCHASE THROUGH VERIZON WIRELESS!!!
1	Cheap operating costs, excellent standby mode, good print quality. 
0	Weak signal, flimsy and bulky. No web access. 2 hour talk time!
0	Slow; Consumes lots of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
1	extremely easy to push over all surfaces, folds easily 
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	none
1	Great price, seems to handle paper well, good quality output.
0	Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
1	Nice rubberized case.
0	Seems to be a little on the heavy side, flash 'shadowing'. 
1	Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
1	Great looking; lots of features; trust-worthy name; 400 name phone book.
0	Lack of Good Zoom, Battery Hog, Red-Eye control
1	Floppy disc medium, three flash settings, bright/dim on viewing panel, rugged
0	Big noises, software crashes
0	No USB 2.0, 2X Zoom
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	None
0	No custom faceplates. Nokia more comfortable in your hand. Nokia simpler to use.
1	color screen   downloadable games   chageable faceplate
0	Without service, all the pros of the phone become moot!
1	Very Very Lightweight
0	No flashy features, long address book
0	Very simple, not up to date.
0	I was really surprised with the lack of speed and unacceptable print quality
0	Cost (but not bad for what you get)
1	Small Size, Great back light, cool features, ease of use, clarity
0	No optical viewfinder.  No image stabilization for zoom.  Warranty fine print.
1	Great look, easy use, easy 2way acess, large lcd.
0	none that I have come across yet!!
1	Uses floppy disks
0	Not much of a zoom
1	Movie can be shot in 3 kinds: B/W, septia and color. 
0	Battery life, no image editing software
0	Cartridges dry out quickly and are expensive.  Some driver problems in XP.
0	average battery life
1	Lots of features, hours of fun
1	High-quality images, low price, excellent flash, bright LCD display, excellent image capacity
0	Need to buy extra paper tray to hold an entire ream
0	when moved, the cord comes off easily
1	Excellent Nikon photo quality (keyword photo quality)
0	little quirks, nothing devastating
0	None significant
0	A little slow, runs out of color fast
1	Price, lightweight
0	Red Eye
0	None
0	No AC adapter, only left/right cursor, no video out.
1	Plastic case, durable, long battery life.
0	SmartMedia Card, only 2.8 optical zoom, Short Battery Life, no accessories
0	Clunky software. Price.  Battery goes quick.
1	Real neat little phone
1	High End functions and glass lenses at good prices.
1	Great image quality &amp; ease of use.  Compact with many features.
0	straps hard to adjust, have to remove both adult and child cupholders to fold
1	Palm and Handheld in one unit
1	small, light, tough, inexpensive, viewfinder
1	easy to use, great pictures, complete with cables and software
1	High resolution, low cost
1	features, picture quality
0	Paper-eating, ink-swilling, spooler destroying annoyances
1	Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
1	Very fast printing
0	The antenna is very flimsy, menu is fairly hard to learn
1	Its cheap, on screen ink display
1	DURABILITY, size
1	Small, Quality pictures, rechargeable Li-ion battery, great LCD
1	Great sound quality and reception, cool-looking yellow backlite, lightweight, great battery life. $100 Rebate.
1	Nice looking
1	QUALITY, EASE OF USE IN AUTOMATIC MODE, FUNCTIONS
0	Small LCD screen, long time between pictures
1	reliable and very easy to use
0	Serial only interface
0	Flimsy antenna, could have better reception.
1	Nice colored case if you like beige
1	Great color quality
1	lots of features: speaker phone, built in camera, attractive case
0	Shutter lag, controls/menus, flash, ridiculous battery charger, no optical zoom.
0	Requires a USB port
1	it's a flip phone
0	Everything else, way behind Samsung.
0	a little large, but i think thats it for cons
0	Games suck.
1	Extremely portable design, great conversation piece
1	Free
0	no carry case, 
0	lack of genuine PCL langauge support but Samsung printer language seems to be good enough.
1	Small, affordable.
1	Great picture quality, good price
0	Too much money
1	lightweight, compact, easy to steer, convenient
0	Slow to start.  Bloated software.
1	quick, easy, small
0	Small keys, keys placed too close together, reliability
0	A bit bulky.  High compression of images causes some loss of quality.
0	None noted
0	Temperamental zoom control
1	Fantastic reception; very long battery life; feature packed; speakerphone; easy to use intuitive menu.
0	None
0	No Bluetooth...but that is not a priorty...
0	Initial cost is high
0	Not particularly good for printing out 4x6 or other normal photo sized prints.
1	Easy to use, loaded with features, small and portable, battery life
1	weather proof, perfect size, rechargeable battery
0	A bit loud and shakes when printing
0	Limited memory capacity, useful and decent but not the best music and pictures
1	I like all SONY Digitals!
1	Fast, high quality printing 
0	Major paper feed problems
0	Maybe slimmer battery??
0	Battery consumption
1	Good battery life
1	Small,discrete and lots of great features in a small pkg.
1	Fast, High Quality, and Very Modular
0	Cartridges are a bit more expensive.  Color printing is good but not photo quality
0	none
1	Easy to use. Amazing video clips, with audio.
1	Price, Ease of Use, Power Cord While Uploading Photos, Timer
1	Fast printing, great quality
1	Price, pro-level features, rugged construction
1	easy to use,
1	Changeable case, Ring tones, Good screen
1	Better than average voice quality
1	Fast, Versatile and Economical
1	Portability, ease of use, quality of photos
0	No USB or Parallel cord provided.
1	Good Print Quality
0	no USB port
0	heavy - awkward to fold up and basket hard to access.
0	Average quality - display is poor
1	fun and easy
0	Slow on big graphics
0	None to speak of
0	ridiculous noises and long wait time before printing begins
0	Optimum settings for color-managed work flow not obvious; slow printing for max quality
0	No cables.  No black cartridge.  Interface problems.
0	No expansion cards, no BlueTooth, long startup/shutdown times.
0	Weak AF in low-light, AF will confirm though OOF, slow write small buffer
1	inexpensive
0	Will not ring and vibrate simultaneously, some rings on highest volume are hard to hear,
1	call quality, size&weight, style, ease of use, external LCD, well built
1	good design and easy navigation
0	Price, possible weak reception on GSM1900, memory
0	Battery was constantly dying
1	good zoom features, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
0	weird charging issue
1	Small
0	Knob breaks off, and repair exceeds cost of new camera.
1	Was recommended highly by many people., Printed well in black and white and in color.
0	no USB
0	not for pros, no included adapter or case, digital zoom lacks definition
1	Completes four functions from one machine.
0	Paint chipping, relatively short battery life, heats up during use.
0	Pricey. The autofocus can take a while to focus.
0	None
0	Phone housing and battery mating surfaces allow excessive movement and wear until phone cuts off.
1	Cheap, Printing in black and white is fairly good
1	Excellent steering control - the best! One tough little lightweight stroller.
1	Great pictures @ 800 size and under, ease of use, value.
0	Pictures are not that great in low light
1	Snake is a lotta fun
1	compact, great picture quality 1600x1200
0	needs alot of back ground light...not for use in darkly lit places
0	Wish it had an automatic retracting lens cap. 
1	Small a packed with features.
0	Lack of Bluetooth, fast deminishing battery life while searching for a signal.
0	Keeps breaking.
1	Tiny, decent photos, easy to use.
0	Cartridges are expensive.
1	convinent, pic and choose the pics u want
0	Phone service nonexistent in my area; horrendous customer service.
0	Basket is flimsy, price, envious looks from others might give you a guilt complex.
0	2x Optical Zoom, needs a 16-32MB card
1	Takes great pictures
1	Excellent print quality
1	Does a great job with printing color
1	Small, Stylish, Brand name well known, many functions&#13;&#10;
1	Clean, sharp images, full featured, compact design, image portability
1	earpiece forms to your ear, slim design, clarity, serveral options
1	SMALL!!! LIGHT!!! Easy to access phonebook.
0	not compatible with iMac
1	Initial cost is great
1	Very high quality prints or fairly quick prints at lower resolutions
1	A nice integrated phone and palm device with many cool features.
1	Can see picture right away, can store on disk
0	Not "cool" right now; Talk-Time battery life;
0	Can't always retrieve missed calls, it's plain ugly, plus there's no games
0	Dark screen to save the battery.  Really hard to see without the back light.
0	Large pictures take up more room on the smart card
1	Easy to use
0	Ink Cartridges Costly (but they all are)
0	Red eyes in flash pics
1	great quality, quick printing
0	Lack of Features
0	Users manual could be a little clearer and more detailed.
1	3G, Color screen, Get It Now
1	Strong Construction, Durable, Has all the goodies
0	can be intimidating
1	- Compact
0	Does not come with case and AC
1	Great quality and speed
1	full featured, well integrated
1	Unmatched Print Quality, Vibrant Colours, Decent Speed, Easy Setup, Nifty Features, Hp Quality, Price
1	Price, quality of color and black &amp;amp; white printing, easy set-up
0	Could provide a bit more sharpness to images, but not really so bad.
1	Incredibly sharp &amp; powerful (6X zoom)lens, comfortable to hold &amp; vivid colors
0	Poor battery life, reception could be better
1	1200 dpi. Paper delivery so fast you could probably use it to slice salami at 20 paces
1	Quality High Resolution shots, Inexpensive
0	no adapter or case
0	Poor quality
1	Takes sharp, crisp digital photographs unmatched by any other digital camera
0	Side buttons, Bad reception, Dropped calls
0	phonebook not alphabetical, switches to easily to analog in solid digital areas
0	2X Zoom could be better, skimpy 8MB  included compact flash card
1	Ease of use, installation, size, price.
0	They could have made the thing faster.
1	Great software, excellent print quality
1	Picture quality,  3 X zoom
0	could use a speaker phone
1	Incredible photo quality and a great price.  Fast and easy.
1	easy to use and great quality pictures
0	Accessing voice mail is bothersome, and there's a small selection of ring tones.
1	Quick printing at good quality
0	8 mb memory stick, no camera bag, short battery life, somewhat pricey
1	Incredible sound quality and reception, decent features, multi-networks give ultimate covarage, Nokia user interface
0	Paper feed design flaw is extremely irritating for business or professional work
1	Real fun toy, and cute too
1	Definitely future-proof!
1	Awesome features/easy to use/fun/versatile/low price/Cust SVS 2nd 2 none!
1	fast &amp;amp; Excellent Print Quality
0	not the best hardware
0	extremely poor design. too many flaws to list - stay away
1	good design/menus/buttons
1	Sexy look, good battery life, customizable interface, well working speakerphone.
1	look, price
0	Weak flash, some surprisingly unpredictable results, LCD-only viewfinder. 
0	could use a more durable antenna
0	Must have steady hand
0	Expensive item relative to its everyday best uses, has silly video and sound add-ons
1	Small, eye catching, convenient, built in memory
1	Excellent zoom lens and SLR type controls&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great photos
0	Not worth the money
0	no Jaguar drivers, can take a few seconds to warm up, terrible support website
1	Cheap,Durable 
1	Excellent photograph reproduction. Crisp Text. (when it works)
0	Slightly larger than the ideal cell size (for me)
1	easy to use , lightweight 
1	Great size, shape and features, especially voice notes
0	Short battery life
1	good price, simple to use
1	Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive, great for beginners.
1	Ease of use, features, overall quality rocks
0	small screen, hard on the hands
0	Needs Duracell Ultra batteries, slow PC uploads
1	Very small and compact.
0	Too many problems to deal with
0	Charger, volume, excessive side buttons are easy to hit accidentally, small monochrome display, menu navigation
0	Vibration, noise
0	Manual poorly written/translated
1	Ease of use, Quality of images and videos
0	Only 3x Zoom lens, red-eye reduction issues, weak flash
1	Ok camera
1	Kewl rings. The ability to change colors of external screen.
0	picture quality, cost
0	Poor print quality, expensive supplies, cheap construction, loud, ink never seems to dry, compatibility issues
0	NONE !!!!!!!
0	None
0	none
0	Flip up flash, picture review limitations
1	Ease of use, easy to understand
0	Not a Mega Pixel Camera, Internal Antenna can make holding it tricky...
0	little battery life, LCD on sun unreadable
0	Large size compared to most units in the market.
0	activation process is a little long
1	Amazing resolution
1	Durable, software easy to use, downloading pictures easy.
0	-Heavier than new Nokia counterparts
0	None, except if you want a camera phone and internet.
1	Small, good photo quality, movie mode with sound, good software bundle 
1	Good Bluetooth functionality, memory is upgradeable, durable, lots of features
1	Compact,easy to use,cheap
1	Easy to use, cheap, doesn't gobble ink, cartridges are easy to load, quality pictures
0	A bit noisy
1	Good voice-dialing
0	Prohibitively expensive.
0	Bad b&amp;amp;w images
1	Clear, Solid, Not a flip phone, Robust features, Web, Spkr phone
1	ease of use; good pix
1	Cheap to use, excellent print quality, quiet, fast
0	Sounds Tinny, Poor Reception, Heats Up, Cheap Antenna, Battery dies quickly
0	Antenna. 'Nuf said.
0	Cheap
1	Put it in your pocket and you won't even notice it's there.
0	Small LCD, overall huge phone, and non-color.
0	Antenna is kind of flimsy, doesn't look as cool as my Star-tac.
1	great reception, sound, it is reliable, and the battery lasts a long time.
0	Cartridges replacement are very expensive. Occasional paper jam.
1	mp3 player/camera in one!!
0	Not the most intuitive to understand requiring some reading of the manual.
1	Light weight, intuitive, attractive, affordable
1	Cheap, Easy to use. Did I mention cheap 
0	Poor Picture Quality, Breaks Easily
1	Size, sound quality and clarity
0	Power runs out fast &amp; need to replace a new battery.
0	Expensive accessories
0	Look for good price breaks for deals to lower cost
1	stylish, cool sound effects, and small, clear crisp pictures
0	Highest Radiation Warning!!! VERY cheap construction, keypad buttons too small, poor display, overall poor quality.
1	Speed
1	Great pictures
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
1	use of floppies means no cables
0	Appears to be fragile in design.
1	great photos,can be found on sale
1	Pictures are stored on disks - easy to use.
0	phone display freezes and goes blank. can't download personal photos to screen saver.
0	Poor reception, screen turns white, pricey for what it is.
0	wierd shut off problems
1	versatility
1	NONE
0	Horrendous battery life, flimsy quality.
0	plastic parts
1	small size!, convenient and easy usability, reasonable solid performance
1	Slick design, High quality, Waterproof ink! Fade resistant ink! ink monitor, fast.
0	LCD screen washes out&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Camera is Bulky to carry around
1	Great battery life, speaker, very rugged
1	Nothing good to say at all
1	Price, ease of use, quality
0	scanning problems
1	Changeable faceplates, good battery life, large display, inexpensive
0	Not the best
0	cost
1	looks good ( thats it !!)
0	I fear that this phone will get obsolete fast.
1	It was part of a package deal
0	feels a little inexpensive, cannot plug into tv or other sources
1	thin, light, good sound, good reception, speakerphone, fairly well made.
1	Lightweight, very manoeuvrable, tough, no rust after two years!
1	Good Price, Good Quality
1	lots of features, totally hands-free capabilities
1	Does it all and does it well
0	Price, weight, hard to flip open, software not user friendly, durability.
0	none yet
1	Great images, easy to use, full featured.
0	paper handling - my one year old handles paper better
0	Heard of a 15 minute man ... no you heard of a 15 minute camera.
1	Lightweight, pictures are decent.
1	Nice color screen and good features
1	Memory
0	Doesn't stay shut when folded - tends to pop open spontaneously.
1	Hi quality sleek camera with megapixel capability for a great price
1	Beautiful text and graphics; easy to use.
1	excellent camera, great size, GREAT pictures!
1	good pictures
0	No view finder, No Red eye eliminator.
0	camera gets into its own way
0	Small size might be a problem
0	no 8x10's, somewhat long term expensive
0	None
1	compact, inexpensive, great photos, great lcd screen, impressive night illuminator.
0	Battery door latches break. 
1	zoom, battery life, ease, quality, MPEGS
1	"Spy camera" size. Can go anywhere., , Good quality images.
0	Limited number of ring styles and the ring volume is not adjustable
0	Not quite as high tech as some of the other phones these days.
1	Fast, Durable, High Quality Printing
1	Quality, speed
1	Beautiful Prints with ease!
0	Smallish paper bin.
0	None really
1	Great quality, expandable memory, lots of accessories.
1	Nice features, flip convenience, strong reception.
1	Easy to Use right out of the box on Auto mode
1	Low price (both new and now), optical zoom, superior lens
1	Unlimited ability to take photos, sharp, crisp, easy to use, Macro ability
1	Handy little bugger this one
1	8X optical zoom, good pics even at night. Easy operation. AA bateries
1	Long battery life, 5.0 megapixel, autofocus, nightframe features
0	Doesn't look that great, no vibrating ring, no unique special features.
0	name brand ink cartridges are EXPENSIVE
0	Grainy Picture, Dull Picture, No Speed, LOUD !! 
0	no optical zoom, no USB Interface
1	Very good quality output for the price
0	none
1	powerfull little camera, AA batteries, picture quality
1	many features, great pics, design, resolution choices, great macro and MORE
1	LOUD ring, easy navigation, overall fairly user friendly, cute looking
0	Poor Fuji support and very fragile camera.
1	Sorry, can't think of any.
0	No optical zoom, no a/c adapter, slow shutter
1	very light, color change covers, nice battery life, games and other features
1	Small and compact, good battery life, durable, voice dialing
0	flimsy bag, low quality wide angle lens
1	inexpensive, reliable, easy to find and inexpensive cartridges, ink dries fast
1	Small size, easy to use, cool looking
1	semi-lightweight, semi-small, CHEAP!!
0	Fragile Internals
0	No zoom features, hard to get action shots.
1	simple and extremely effective, great price!
1	Fast printing, pretty nice photos
1	Takes great pictures in auto mode.Excellent body and finish.
0	Will probably be obselete soon :(
1	Size,Reception,"Hot keys",Features
0	Durability,tech. glitches
0	slow color printing, runs out of ink quickly
0	Cartridge compatibles N/A, have to use refill kit.
0	hard to see screen in bright sunlight, some what slow on large file shots
0	only 12 pictures when using high quality
0	Smallish viewfinder. No spotmeter. Slow USB connection.
1	Easy to use
1	great external speaker ,plays mp3 ringtones ,good camera ,has gprs and mms
1	Good pictures
0	Digital zoom can be a little fuzzy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Make sure your shots are steady.
0	niggling interface things, movie option is just a tack-on, almost TOO small for larger hands
1	Three-in-one inexpensive machine
0	Antenna??
0	Why do I get this random form feed?
1	special features, easy 3.5 disk storage
1	Quality of build, compact, ease of use, big 2&amp;quot; LCD display
0	Annoying "talking printer" utility
0	 Small 4MB Memory Stick, Poor image quality, No viewfinder
1	Many great functions with large screen and buttons.
0	no voice dialing anymore
0	Combo keypad/action button horrible, few useful features
1	Cost, size, easy to use, uses the lower cost IBM Microdrive
0	I kind of feel bad for the person that bought it.
1	Turns a mere mortal into a professional caliber photographer...easily!
1	Small size, no flip cover to break, no antenna to snap, good battery life
1	sound quality, ringer volume, color screen, durability
1	I got it free with a rebate from Cingular.
1	light, small, voice recognition, good battery life
1	Price, looks, functionality, low power consumption, GSM, works in Europe, durable
0	Does not support 3-way calling with Cingular
1	Size, Features, Color Screen, Ease of Use, Speaker, Embedded Ringtones...
1	Ease of use, optics, full+timer+shutter logic + sound + video
0	not top of the line, junky
0	big
0	Scanning items
0	unobtainable accessories, length of time to take picture
1	Great mp3 player, compact, easy to use.
1	Cheap, compact, many features, large phonebook, excellent battery life
1	great pics, easy controls, small
0	Automatic turn off after so many inactive seconds.
1	Ease of use, No computer ports used, 
1	COLOR SCREEN! Unconventional and cool flip style.  Versatility. PCS Vision enabled. Speakerphone.
1	Lots of features, Manual mode, Compact, $$ Value, 3.3 Megapixels
1	Tiny, full featured, good resolution, large LCD screen
1	Thin, seems to be well built (heavy body), good sound quality.
1	Great images, Total Control Over Settings
1	easy to manuver, easy to fold and unfold, comes with carrier 
1	Hardware
1	Innovative LCD screen, versatile, well-designed and executed camera
0	Hi Interference Emitted;  Counter-Intuitive Menus; Difficult To Handle
0	none
1	VERY compact and awesome shell design
1	GREAT floppy format, TV out, high res, good LCD, great features
0	Wish the price were lower
0	Only a 2X optical zoom
0	fabric has faded, wheels squeak, doesn't go over bumps very easily
0	It &amp;quot;thinks&amp;quot; a while before it prints.
1	Perfect size, good flip opening angle, good ear piece
1	Compact, easy to use
1	Good size, great reception
1	Small and portable
1	Uncomfortable for Babies
0	takes some time to program in extra programs
1	Easy to use, sounds clear, Tri-mode phone
0	Wasn't invented earlier!!
0	A little on the large side, but no real problems.
0	Poor resolution, only stores 15 photos, EATS BATTERIES
0	Only comes with a 8mb smart card
0	poor quality pics, very slow
0	Somewhat Difficult To Open With One Hand
1	speed, resolution, ease of set up, USB support 
0	Battery length
1	Simple, good quality
1	Ease of use, price and quality of pictures, 
1	VERY Nice printer/scanner
0	Looks Cheap, Not Overly Filled With Extras
0	Text looks ragged.  MacOS X support a little underdeveloped
0	No USB or Parallel cable included.
0	patience required on high quality photo printing
0	proprietary earbud jack, no voicemail reminder, sometimes requires reboot, poor Sync software, poor camera quality
1	Nice multifunction machine for the price
1	Great phone, durable, great reception.
0	Only flaw is the lack of internal antenna.
0	Battery,Display and Compatibility
0	Noisy
1	color scree, polymorphic ringtones, wide selection of games, small size, good call quality, web browser
0	You decide
0	cumbersome menus, playback screen too bright
1	Small and Lightweight, Great Clarity and Sound, Excellent backlight.
0	Slow data transfer
1	Quality pictures, manual controls, movie mode with sound.
1	neat technology
1	BIG screen, a plethora of features, great reception, camera
1	cool ringer, nice size,hi-res color graphics
1	None to speak of.
0	Parallel port connections with scanner
1	cool looking, many ring styles, color screen
1	Compact size, 4 megapixel images, and A great feature set
0	1. Sometimes poor reception  2. Many newer Nokia phones available
1	good printouts, scanner, copier, low maintenance
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	Easy to use and extremely affordable.
1	User friendly, great quality, compact size
1	Slim, user friendly, good battery life for size, clear sound, and unique mod style.
1	Camera is so user friendly. Has all the options. 
1	very low cost, good looking, small size
0	It's Big and Bulky, Short battery life for movies
1	Great for Tripod shots of items to auction off
1	none
0	no optical zoom, pathetic long-range night shooting capability
1	Looks like a camera!  Easy to use, excellent results!  Nice smooth zoom.
1	Easy to use.  Excellent sound/volume on both earpiece and speakerphone.
1	Great little camera, sharp pictures
0	Break down is a little awkward.
0	No view screen on outside of cover. No case or holder included.
0	Support, quality, reliability
0	Photo quality is good but not great.
0	No external caller ID, no speakerphone
1	Affordable, good quality prints when it works, individual ink tanks.
1	Small, Lightweight, Attractive, Battery Life
1	Good Sound Quality and Rare dropped Calls,Fairly Simple to Program
1	Good speakerphone, good reception in most areas.
0	No bells and whistles, if you really need that stuff.  "Remember it's a phone!"
1	Flip style stops your ear from getting red, speakerphone, small size.
0	Expensive, no keypad cover.
1	No need to carry 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web that is useful
0	Big &amp; Bulky, Battery Life Short
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	easy to install &amp;amp; takes up little desk space
1	No more hassling with taking in and paying for film
1	Very easy setup and installation
1	Size (Small as a pack of cigs), 3.2 mpix, metal body.  
0	A little heavy, just get the swivel clip.
0	loud ringer, weird menu setups
1	Easy to set up and fold down, height of handles, easy to push
1	ease of use
0	breaks down two months after warranty goes out
1	flexible, rugged, high quality
1	Feature-rich, solidly built, great picture quality.
1	None that come close to redeeming the cons
1	Light weight&#13;&#10;Sexy&#13;&#10;rare&#13;&#10;glows nicely
1	Compact size, Lots of neat features including iR communication with PDA's and Notebooks
0	Not good for uneven surfaces
1	Ease of use, Excellent photos, MPEG capability, Instant feedback
0	Could use a vibrating ring option.
0	Very weak signals-- does not work well indoors
1	Fast,reliable,easy to use,produces excellent results
0	Auto focus offputting in low light. Email functionality does not appear to work
0	None
1	Easy to use, fast printing and copying, excellent print quality.
1	Easy to use, price, pic quality
0	Strange noises worry me.
1	Amazing photos, various accessories, affordable
0	Has to lock keys to avoid dialing if you put it in your purse.
1	it WORKS beyond expectations..
0	Pricey
0	No zoom, slow upload time, poor picture quality in less than bright natural lighting conditions.
0	Takes good photos of dead rats.
1	Small size, Battery life, Color screen
1	Very sleek design, external LCD display
1	Instant quality prints, Useful menu options, accepts multi media
1	Cost
1	blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
1	Easy to use. Good Pictures. Easy to open on computer. Big LCD viewer.
1	Small, Quality pics, tastes great and is less filling.
0	.... ummm... you'll be buying a lot more paper...
0	People want to rip off the slide plate.
0	Need to speed up a little bit. Confusing ink level display after cartridge change.
1	The best digital camera ever
1	size, price
1	Wonderful Quaility
0	Not very fast, Seals Envelopes
0	None
1	2400x1200 Photo prints on photo paper, multi-function use
1	Total zoom, simple interface
0	Plastic LCD, flimsy USB/Video cover, battery charger.
1	Small when folded, rear step for older child
1	low ink usage in draft mode...does not eat up ink cleaning itself
1	small enough to fit the COIN POCKET of most bluejeans.
1	External Caller ID Screen
1	Great Quality pictures, great black &amp; white. Easy to install.
0	Known glitches, No speakerphone yet, Music sync is frustrating
0	antenna
1	Features, keyboard, price,
1	Great price 39.98 after rebate at best buy. 
1	easy, great quality
1	Reliable, full-featured, great bang-for-the-buck.
0	Not too many features.
0	None
1	2 paper trays, fast, quieter than previous Lexmarks.
0	missed calls, not sturdy
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
1	Great features, small package
0	Slow warming up &amp; between pictures.
1	Ease of use, portability, quality of pictures
0	battery life (just buy lithium or rechargeable and it's GREAT); storage capacity (upgradeable)
0	slow shutter speed causes blurry pictures
1	Convenient size, zoom
0	Can't afford one for home!
0	poor quality, no features
1	Beautiful, light weight, easy to use, optional camera, clarity, did I mention it's beautiful?
0	Lens adapter partially blocks view finder
1	It was free...that's all.
1	good resolution, compact size, easy to use
1	Quality, recording on disquettes
0	key pad size.
1	nice quality and features, looks nice on your desktop, nice size
1	LCD Display, Flash, Software is easy to use
1	Slim Type phone, Cheap and cool.
1	Functionality, design, quality, business use
1	None
1	Great quality, awesome battery life, Bright LCD, Olympus name
1	Good call clarity, nice speaker phone, and  good ergonomics.
1	Color screen, long charge on battery, under-the-cover antenna.
1	Relatively nice in size and style; equipped with useful set-in features; can decorate with many different color tops, plastic window and buttons.
0	doesn't do action photography easily, high battery drain
0	Camera is a bit bulky
0	Better ringers
0	8MB memory card is too small, No sound mains adapter, case, or video conferencing
1	Convenient, quick, high quality.
1	5 MB memory, plays mp3 and midi, picture ID
1	clarity, still+video camera, over-all appearance of phone, speaker phone, voice-activated dialing
1	Good clarity, easy to operate, lots of different options.
0	not a good name brand
1	The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
1	Easy to use
0	Prints can have a dramatic color shift to orange.  Read more before buying!
1	Great Stroller, Light Weight, Easy to Fold
1	extremely compact; Web-enabled; can set rings; voice activated; durable; standard jacks
1	Small, lightweight, and it has a screen on the outside.
1	4 Mega Pixels, Excellent Value, Fast Response
1	Great image quality, stylish design, price.
0	To date, I have been unable to get the  software to work.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	avg speed
1	Does everything, great print quality
0	having to leave it on continuously, slow printing
0	Intro flash screen a little too long so candid photos are limited
0	Intenna breaks easily,  not many ring tones
0	Doesn't come with needed Cables.  
0	Large, heavy, Long restart from Suspend
1	Durable, easy to use, long battery life, takes a beating and keeps on ticking!
0	Lost some of the features of the 7110
0	weak reception, gets hot within 10 minutes of taking, no vibrate.
1	Quick. high quality
0	A bit out of date
1	print results are very good for a $100 model.  we use-it with our digital camera.
0	a little on the heavy side, battery life can be a little low, reception
1	High quality color and laser sharp text, ease of use.
0	Replacing ink is expensive
0	Multiple Steps Accessing Menu, Menial Web Browsing, Buttons a bit small for the large handed
0	High Cost Per Page, Expensive Ink
0	Not a zoom
1	small, lightweight, compact, tough consruction, easy text entry
1	Great speed in draft.  Duplexer.  Good image quality.  Revolutionary unit in it's day.
1	Ease of use (using the USB PORT) Produces great  prints.
1	Inexpensive, exceptional graphic/photo print quality, fast, laser-crisp text, individual ink cartridges (inexpensive as well)
1	Everything!
1	Quick power up and simple to use, easy controls.
1	Color faceplates, ring features, good size
1	Affordable
0	The usual budget-printer stuff
1	Borderless 4x6 and 8.5x11&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Individual ink tanks&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Six color system&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small 4 Picoliter drops&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Small, upright, simple to use
1	Very Small, Light weight, Clear sound quality, Custom keys and menu
1	Very small, takes great pictures, rechargeable battery.
1	Great quality, Good drivers, looks kinda cool, USB *or* parallel connection, Mac compatibility, Bigass ink cartridges last a long time, HP reliability, very very good deal.
0	Limited Features
1	Super!!
1	Great graphics
0	Viewfinder not that accurate, slow downloads
0	Battery life
0	Digital, not optical, zoom; sluggish processing speed; battery-sucker
0	Horrible black and white printing
1	convenience
0	Short Battery Life
0	Has poor quality in low light situations.
1	Very good for the price
0	Slightly slow on high quality pictures.
1	Ummm none?
1	Inexpensive, good volume
1	Affordable. Fast. Great Tech Support.
0	Very little phone-to-PC connectivity. Hard to find accessories. Small buttons.
0	Noise, noise, noise
1	Easy to use. Great range of settings for the flash, the resolution and the focal length. The camera itself looks pretty darn cool too.
1	Great quality printing for an affordable price.
0	Sound quality, speakerphone
0	occasional double-feeds, sloooooooowwwwwwwww
1	Price
0	very poor battery life : almost not usable
1	Wonderfully detailed pictures
1	More rugged than you would expect.  Very high quality pictures.  Good movie capability.
0	Might excite disdain from observors but what else can last 10 years?  35MM?
1	User Friendly!
0	Easy to accidently dial numbers
0	Can be buggy at times.
1	Quality, USB connection, Ink Supply
0	bulky; no color display; ringer is a little soft
0	I do not like the power saver mode
1	good voice control
1	Awesome picture quality, excellent features, light, small
0	Digital zoom, AC adapter plug in location.
0	Cheap, as in junk.
1	Cute, cheap, anybody could use it
1	A great, easy to use digital camera. The manual leaves nothing to chance.
1	Easy to use, great photo quality
1	Small, Stylish, Portable, Functional, Easy to use...
1	Price, looks, clarity, features!
1	Price, easy to use, good quality pictures
1	Look, feel, reception, battery life, sound quality, and personalization.
1	very sleek, stylish yet professional look, has what you will most likely use
0	poor ISO400, control response not so fast
0	Aesthetics, Design
1	An extremely durable phone.  I've abused this phone and it still works perfectly.
1	Affordable and Functional
0	Large flip design, no speaker phone, cheap leather case
0	cheap
0	Not photo quality
0	terrible vibration ring, cant even hear rings, HEAVY, piece of crap antenna
1	Easy to use; relatively inexpensive; quality pretty good; wonderful customer service
1	Storage on Floppy Diskette
1	Great quality, speed and reasonable size. $50 rebate from NEC.
1	Small, low battery use, flash, macro mode, 60 to 90 photo capacity, good software.
1	Operates adequately as a point and shoot.
1	Pocketable; easy to whip out and shoot.
1	small, lightweight, large backlit buttons, works in the areas where I need it to
1	best digital camera out there for under $1000
1	Incredible Battery Life.  Perfect size, not to large not to small.  Great reception!
0	INCREDIBLY short battery life, it's appearance, cheap feel.
0	none
0	The leather case for it.
0	Needed accessories, availability of extras
1	Exellent quality pictures
1	Excellent picture quality. Ability to store pictures directly to CD.
1	Great Copier and scanner
0	Horrible software. Buggy. Can't customize settings. No toll free support.
0	No Internet
1	small, easy to use, many advanced features, accepts ibm microdrive
0	The battery charger is flimsy; no clock.
0	Can't hear rings in loud places ;No vibrating battery; a little expensive
0	a little costly
1	Has held up well, very roomy, great ride, and doesn't squeak!
1	Compact, Vibrate Mode, Excellent Voice Quality, Low Price
0	The quality of the images!
0	Poor to mediocre image quality, sucks the life right out of expensive batteries
1	Beautiful and luxurious.  Very, very comfortable and spacious for baby.
0	None, sorry!
1	Great print quality. Easy to use.
1	Quality images, easy of use
1	sharp natural color pictures. really like the 4-level optical zoom.
1	rechargeable battery, zoom lens
1	Simple, Flexable, Reliable
0	Needs a fair bit of light; no flash; manual focus
0	Too new for accessories, not a very good signal
1	good pic quality, great flash, VERY good software/menus in the camera.
0	reliability, some ink usage
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	Small, great reception, voice dial, browser, indiglo blue LCD, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert
1	Uses floppy disks, 14x optical, stabilized zoom lens
1	Inexpensive, no paper jams, true color performance, prints evenly and quickly
1	Bright backlight, good battery
0	none
1	Small, light, navigable menu system, good battery life
1	fast
1	Great speakerphone, reception, loud ringing   vibrating/lights simultaneously, nice organizer features, great phonebook, display
0	Only Canon brand paper makes decent prints; pretty loud.
0	Side buttons, no 1.2MP camera, poor space for ringers/applications, no PC data synch.
0	battery life not to long
1	Features, small size, cheap
1	Lightweight, convenient
0	Cant Download Ringtones,not loud enough!
0	Paper started to jam in it after three weeks usage.
1	Durable, lightweight, easy to use
1	Speaker phone, camera, FM radio, flashlight, durable
1	It works
1	Easy to use, USB interface.
1	Lightweight, compact and stylish 
1	used to make really good copies
1	Easy file transfer and easy-to-use Kodak image editing software. Camera features are extremely nice.
1	Fast. Terrific quality. Sleeker design
0	had some problems x 3
0	zoom could be better, more compact flash needed
1	Best lenses, lots of battery, easy use,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;good for the price.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	engineering
0	The LCD is slightly off center
1	Great print outs,  Exceptionaly quiet
1	Lens, Image Quality, value for the money!
1	Good price, easy to use, storage on floppy disks
0	None!
0	Uses up batteries fairly quickly.
1	Small footprint, HP name.
0	Compact Flash issues and action limitations.
0	difficult to open &amp;amp; close
0	Does not have FM Radio
1	compact, inexpensive, decent feature set
1	Small Size, Great Battery Life, Good Sound Quality
0	shutter remains open too long, causes blurriness without tripod
0	Supplied 16MB Memory Stick a joke, no sticks available above 128MB yet
1	3.5&amp;quot; disk, Battery life is good
0	Cartridge-style charger, bad positioning of Driving Mode button
1	Great cornering, not too wide, good buckling system
1	standard flash-sync port and complete manual controls!
0	Cheap
1	Sleek look. Clear, great uptime, no flaws as of yet
1	very nice image, attractive, good ergonomics,  
1	Prints, Scans, and Copies. Ink relatively inexpensive. Ink last over 70 years.
1	Great reception, excellent sound clarity, wonderful features.
1	Functional features, speaker, voice activation, pretty and legible blue screen.
0	Expensive Ink Tanks.  Complicated but powerful management software.
0	Sloooow interface.
0	Small keyboard, poor structural integrity
1	Great reception and excellent battery life
0	slow, noisy
0	Badly made in general!
1	small size, cool look, headset
1	durablity, print quality
1	Everything!
0	Horrendous warranty/repair service
1	Very easy to use, prints great
0	Obtrusive software, unspectacular quality
1	solid,build quality,ease to use,great picture quality
0	Panorama-mode assistance is a joke
0	bad drivers, doesn't meet even my minimum standards
1	can add photos, music and much more!!
0	antenna, antenna, antenna
1	Double canopy with see-thru window on stroller canopy, wheels lock for safety, good storage basket.
0	Speaker on back is located in a horrible spot that is easy to block.
1	Durability / Customer Service
1	Keyboard, IM, GPS, camera, perfect for texters!
0	sooo slow to take pictures, short battery life 
1	Lightweight, compact, good features.
1	The Canon Power Shot is the best camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;you can buy.
1	Great styling, high quality photos, good battery time, lots of manual features, solid build.
0	poor reception, antenna can break, small keypad
0	low paper capacity, poor print quality, washed out colors, some frustrating idiosyncrasies
1	Inexpensive, great features, long battery life, and excellent quality photos.
0	shutter lag time 
1	ease of use and nice features
1	Very Compact, Can take Everywhere
0	none
0	Poor USB support, high ink cost, poor build quality
0	The Size and Fixed Lens
1	easy
0	more for simple projects, as a homework
1	Great zoom, red eye reduction
1	Easy To Use 
1	Attractive
0	No calculator, not as many assesories as Nokia
1	very easy to use
0	uses AA batteries, has flimsy pop-up flash
0	Stopped working after only a few months, limited warranty
1	Stylish, with many features.
1	Lightweight,stylish &amp; lots conveniences 
0	Slow when scanning
1	Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity.
1	Light, thin, small, good voice quality, good battery life, good camera & flash
0	Pricey, Phone gets warm quick, Buttons are very small, Defective Display
0	None
1	Outdoor shots, ease of use, size, ZOOM, Included TV connector
1	Rich feature set, bluetooth, camera w/video, strong signal
0	Photos have a strange tint, ink is expensive. No network support.
1	Power full Camera!
1	Cheap, Integrated PDA, integrated speaker phone
1	Cheap, Easy to use
0	Too expensive, too many bugs, not worth it.
1	superb color quality, easy to change toner, separate black and color cartridges
1	Looks cool, nice menu system, great color screen.
0	Awful durability.
0	Doesn't work. Screen flickers. Calls are randomly disconnected.
1	Color LCD screen, light, comes with 2 software
0	Inconvenient External Antenna, Extremely Fragile
0	Storage
1	Color screen, numerical clarity, size
1	small,works anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
1	SMALL SIZE,COOL BACKLIGHT,NICE ONE HANDED SLIDE,ATTENTION GETTER
0	clogs, eats ink, poorly labeled buttons, difficult to use
0	Slow spool-up time (not an issue for me), Somewhat noisy
0	drivers caused problem with printer port, had to call tech support. But even that was a good experience in the end.
1	Quick, great color, great picture.
1	Great camera and screen, reception is good and the speaker phone works as it should.
0	Software is useless, flash is awkward
1	Compact size, excellent images, excellent macro focus
1	Easy to use, makes good photographs.
0	Pricey
0	Carrying case not included
1	Modern featurs, sleek look
0	None.
1	Terrific high quality pictures
0	None that I've found
1	Easy to use, Software installs easily, Customer service is excellent
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller sets
0	-No flash, -Cheap Software, -Poor Construction, -Poor Picture Quality, -Doesn't work with my computer, 
1	Easy to use, Un-cluttered by "extras", Good value.
1	Versatility, Easy of Use, Functional
0	Inconsistent picture quality
0	Expensive
0	more features than I really need
0	on off button hard 2 press, battery does not last extremely long
1	associates fax, phone, mobile, email number under one name
0	Takes a while to get familiar w/ camera features.  No AC adapter.
1	Animation of the phone was cool
1	Cheap, compatible with most computers
1	Great reception, Long battery life, Photo & video capabilities, Rotating camera lense
0	HP OfficeJet T45 is very expensive, very big and hard in use.
0	cost. 32mb memory stick is a joke.
1	easy to use, nice ring tones, priority ringing, small, clear.
1	Durable, Reliable, Good Photos
1	Very fast output, good quality print, double-sided print capability
0	Good, but not serious quality
1	Big Phonebook Capacity, Stylish and Sleek, Lightweight, Bright Screen, Bluetooth and Speakerphone
1	Easy to use, great pictures.
0	Cheapest made without accessories needed to enjoy
1	400 Phone # spots, Internet browsing, thinner than Nokia 5160.
1	Good picture quality, intuitive operation, very appropriately priced.
1	The Qualcomm QCP-2760 is a very lightweight, sleek and user friendly phone.
1	Many great deals for this phone
1	light, good on batteries, nice pictures
1	Ease of Operation, Design 
1	Nice looking with useful features
0	Ink consumption, no parallel port
1	Excellent Laser Printer and Fax, Good Copier, Excellent Customer Service
0	If I had a modem for it, I could get rid of my regular phone.
1	Quick, Easy, Great Pictures, No Film to Develop
0	Verizon limits the functionality.
1	Easy to use, good reception, drop in charging, vibrate
0	Should be sold with case
1	Easy to use. Small enough to fit in pocket. Excellent pictures.
0	None
0	None
1	Reliable, Easy to use, long battery life
1	Cool design, nice switching cover feature.
1	Cheap, Simple, Easy to Use, Has a Camera if You Need One
1	Compact and inexpensive
1	Swivel LCD, battery life, flexible storage 
1	Great LCD, low price, compact, rugged
1	Easy to use, Excellent price, delivers on promises.
1	Good looking, small, light-weight phone. Loaded with features.
1	Solidly built, easy to use, many convenient features.
0	None
1	Plays music, qwerty keyboard, can use to transfer files, comes with case and headset.
0	LCD uses up batteries rather quickly
0	Can't control back light time on.&#13;&#10;Oval cursor TOO recessed for easy operation.
0	1) only 199 phone book entries 2)No built-in speakerphone? 3)VX6000 out there
0	Small keypad, sound quality, battery capability
0	Read my opinion
1	Compact, Customizable, Cheap if you know where to look
1	Excellent quality photos, unlimited, low cost storage
1	Compact, great picture quality, lots of options, raw format available
0	Slightly too big; PC link must be purchased separately
1	Easy setup,  easy to use,  easy to appreciate.
1	easy to use, lots of features, pocket sized, quality pictures.
1	Small, lightweight
0	Acts strange sometimes, takes too much space on desk
1	Sharp resolution
0	Occasionally does not ring on incoming calls.
1	Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
1	some nice extra features, excellent reception, phonebook organized well, voice memo
0	none really
0	Battery life, dropped calls, charging time
1	Looks,Small, Sleek, Light Wieght, good battery life, and Durable
0	Download Speed
0	low light mpeg not real clear, enter button should be separate button., 
1	Great pix;Quality bundle;A kid could use it
0	Poor image quality? slow.
0	none
1	Size, flexible batteries
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Poor reception, limited features, and low volume
0	No sound in movie mode, color tends to red in low light
0	No flash, small movement can ruin a picture.
0	I wish that it was a tad faster when printing photos
1	Price, image quality, movie function, no driver installation needed
1	Extremely small &amp; lightweight - , Intuitive user interface &amp; button layout - , Fair picture quality
0	No bluetooth, no camera, not enough memory, short headset cable
0	On the high-end of price for a home printer.
1	speed, colors, resolution, compact design.
0	Battery life, Earpiece/Car Charger Set-up
0	color images average
0	Doesn?t have speakerphone.
1	Color, sound, batterly life, and clarity
1	4MP for a good price.  Good Quality images.  
0	does not pick up in some places
1	cheap
1	Good picture quality for JPG compression
0	Decent print quality
1	Makes a decent paperweight during a light breeze
0	color rendition not always true
0	painfully  unreliable
0	No analog roaming ability limits the phone's range. No external "message waiting" indicator.
0	Slow
0	display went bad, but they replaced within days
1	Almost everything is GREAT!
0	Not real fast, small paper tray
1	Great Printer... reliable and fantastic print
1	Easy to use, great quality pictures
1	Good print quality, good photo reproduction, and good price 
1	Great photos
1	Small, user-friendly, versatile
0	Extremely poor quality.
1	Sleek Design, Metal case, Clear sound quality, World traveler.
1	Small slim size, aesthetic appeal
0	No frills
1	Quick, Efficient, and Amazing Printer
0	Expensive, stability
1	- Picture Quality, - Camera Build Quality, - Lens add-ons, Underwater case, - Intuitive Interface
1	Great speakerphone, SMS keyboard, bright color display, great battery.
0	none
1	Good reception
0	It's so small, I sometimes lose it!!
1	Never a problem, small size
0	Lousy screen resolution, not easy to transfer pictures
1	Very compact, nice silver colour, large text screen.
1	Very User Friendly, Good Picture Quality
1	EXCELLENT RESULTS, easy to use, 
0	cost
0	wish it were even smaller! Be careful, minutes go quickly while surfing!
1	Price, ease of use
1	10x stabilized zoom, illuminated autofocus, excellent optics
1	Great pic's, wide carriage for 11"x14"'s
1	compact size, hidden antennae, games, calendar and calculator,
1	Widely supported, Consistent Quality, Prints envelopes and supports fan-fold paper
0	Outside case can damage too easily!
0	Missing some cool things.
1	Very portable &amp; durable, excellent image quality
0	unexplainable break downs
1	Fast, reliable, QUALITY product
1	Manual and Automatic.  Very little lag.  4 megapixel.
1	Nice Color quality
1	easy
0	expensive cartigages
0	Noisy
0	rechargeable batteries sold separately
1	quality pictures for the price
0	High Price
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
0	Very poor reception, unsupportive customer service
1	cheap 
0	Lame ringtones. Don't like button arrangement.
1	Good resolution and print quality
0	Bad service
0	Battery life
1	intuitive interface
1	Excellent photo printing and fast text output.
1	Awesome print quality, price, and speed
0	Reliability (Apparently defective software locks up the phone intermittently)
1	Easy to use, good quality, reasonably priced, 
0	Battery life could be better.
0	call failed, missed calls
0	small color cartridges and they cost too much
1	Nothing but praise.
1	very good picture, enough res to print 8x10
0	None
0	No clock, large size, SIM card displaces easily.
0	Big Machine, uses lots of ink, single paper tray, difficult to use legal paper
0	use the special paper when printing images
0	Poor sound quality & software
1	Flip cover locks keys,
0	Photos are not clear, noisy operation, software needs improvement, reliability questionable.
1	good image quality, construction
0	Slow
1	Easy for a beginner to use!
1	Very good photo quality, lots of manual/creative control, inexpensive, 3x optical zoom, AA Batteries  , 
1	auto duplexing, quiet, fast &amp;amp; professional quality
0	Squeaks.  Hard to take apart to clean!  
1	fast, good quality printing
1	size
1	quick to get ready, great image sharpness
0	Accessories needed to operate well
1	Large format paper handling capabilities, high resolution
0	Keypad a little hard to use keys are close together.
0	none
1	Print quality, automatic 2-sided printing, USB or parallel
1	Cheap; doesn't jam
0	flash too bright, small memory, grainy picture if low light, fuzzy zoom
0	rattles when vibrating, backlight is weak but still plenty bright
0	Eats batteries.
0	8 MB CompactFlash card inadequate, Case not included, Short battery life
1	Great Pictures!
1	Beautiful design, Good reception, Holographic display
1	Excellent low light images. Long battery life with good NiMH's. 3x optical zoom. Manual mode.
1	Quality, price, ease of use, speed
0	printing photos is hard for me
0	Unacceptable black text.
1	Cheap!
1	Compact, Uses AA batteries, Good Picture Quality, Inexpensive
0	Gives error sometimes
1	inexpensive
1	High dpi (1200x1200)
1	Long zoom, manual settings, size, versatility
0	Scanning software for Windows 2000 is worthless, scanner seldom works, you'll waste much time
0	haven't found anything yet.
0	The seat belt, the tiny basket, flimsy seat, high price tag
0	None that I know of so far.
0	Menus sometimes a little fiddly.
1	Large, beautiful & colorful LCD. Large external LCD.
0	great photo's and service seems great (so far)
0	Keypad sucks, there are no "smartKeys", too much has to be done thru menus.
1	Separate ink cart. Quick. Easy install. Prints good photos, great graphics.
1	Excellent picture quality, 3x optical zoom, true macro, good battery life
0	Takes its good old time to start up
1	Great little flip phone, wonderful sound, strong speaker
0	Noticibly a Nextel Phone
0	Compact Flash card could be larger.
0	Images a bit blurry, no rechargeable batteries
1	Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, caller ID
1	Easy to use, lots of photos, good quality, easy transfer to computers. 
0	Belt clip case lasted only 4 months, keypad,
1	Fairly light stroller.  Easy folding and sturdy.
1	Many features, nice design, easy to use, good sound quality
0	Lack of ring tones.
1	Sprint Holster -good for carrying phone, Jabra earpiece w/ wire microphone  -good
1	Cool features, great reception, long battery life
0	No USB sync, backlight poor
1	small marvel, makes you forget all you know about photography
1	Good sound through the handset
0	none
0	wrong software
0	i cant think of any
0	Total failure just out of warranty.
1	perfect size for uploading to the web; holds the equivalent of 4 rolls of film;good quality pictures
0	No USB connection, eats batteries unless you use NiMH
1	Size IS everything. Forget clunkers. This goes with you everywhere.
0	keep plenty of batteries around
1	Fairly Compact, easy to use, expandable, decent pictures
1	Easy to use, computer compatibility
0	jaw-droppingly awful photos - absolutely destroyed our good moods
0	hard to push and turn
0	none
1	Easy to change the ink cartridges, cool software with printer.  Great to keep as a backup printer.
1	Size,  sound quality, and appearance
0	Menus do not cover all features
0	Hard to see subjects through LCD screen unless there is a lot of light.
1	The car seat can't be beat
1	High-tech made easy!
1	Cute. Small. No annoying antenna sticking out.
1	Fax works great.
0	The display, vibrator mode.
0	Menu, size, cost
0	Serial sync cradle.
1	Top Quality, Speed, Software
0	Must learn all the options! Many! Get extra battery! 
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
0	Short battery life
0	too light
1	Great features, Excellent Voice Clarity, fashoniable, and light.
0	Antenna is awkwardly big, expensive!
1	easy to use,hookup to computer,or TV
0	uses ink too quickly, ink is expensive
1	feature-loaded; adaptable appearance; very portable; decent reception on most service types
1	Good interface, is cute and has lots of features.
1	10x Optical Zoom, Easy to use
1	Get for Companies
0	As with any digital camera, buy rechargeable batteries and an adaptor.
1	Fast 1.8 lens, , Complete control, , 3X optical zoom, , Excellent ergonomics
1	good software/ easy install/can be found cheap.
0	Picture quality(dpi) is not the best
1	very quiet, ink doesn't smudge, and is reliable
0	Yet another bit of propaganda for the Cult of Canon
0	Can't switch lenses, limited aperture settings (2!)
0	Stops abruptly.
0	Lack of aux. flash, speed sticks only from Sony, 1-4 sec wait to snap picture
0	Ink cartridges don't last long...expensive!
0	Cannot personalize ringtones or wallpaper. No camera, internet, or stylish design.
1	Looks Sleek, Voice Dialing, Speaker Phone, Camera, Video Clips, Voice Memo
1	easy to use, sleek, cheap
1	Light weight, flight attendants are impressed with its ease of use 
0	No frills, just basics.
0	no ac adapter
0	Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the field in features and price.
0	A bit heavy on ink usage plus the ink cartridges are small.
1	Techie features
1	Ease of use, versatile
1	Reception is amazing. Stylish. Color screen.
1	GREAT, CLEAR pictures, 16MB xD card, Easy modes, Optical Zoom, Features.
0	Poor battery life.  Software issues.  Cheap.
0	Low paper capacity
0	Paper storeage must be refilled frequently when doing big jobs
0	the price of $400.
0	High battery turnaround, no zoom, cannot connect directly to Macs
1	Excellent print quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use
0	Must have software running, no legal paper copies
0	Poor Flash, No camera case
0	it could have had a little better resolution
1	WAP, Pictures, Games, Downloadable Content
0	Vibration weak, only works at max volume. Screen broke after a year.
0	Battery life is a little short. But not a deal breaker for sure.
0	Kind of heavy
0	Proprietary battery and storage; Lens cap is not very user-friendly
1	Easy to use and prints great!
1	Lots of capabilities if you have legacy ports on your PC
1	Cheap and runs economically.
0	Deceptive Advertising Leading to HORRIBLE PICS especially indoors
0	Needs a parking break; strap between the legs is too long (can be remedied); retracted canopy brushes against an older childs head.
1	Inexpensive printer, but good photos on plain paper, if you do it my way.
1	It prints nice and clear copies 
1	Fast, great colors and resolution.
1	Great photo quality.  Very easy to use.
1	Good Print Quality, Direct Access to photo cards (can use w/o computer)
0	Text disappointing, high ink consumption
1	ink cartridge, paper alignment 
0	Takes awhile to print, only prints 4x6
0	could be too narrow for chunky babies
0	no brakes!
0	sound quality is terrible
1	Compact phone with an excellent digital camera and MP3 Player.
1	fit-shirt-pocket size, reasonable price, pop-up flash, all-aluminium body
0	nothing
1	Finest High End Digital Serious Amateur Camera Available
1	Small with many, many features
0	$25 - $35 for a replacement ink cartridge
0	Not much battery life, screen requires constant cleaning, Sony-Ericsson charger plug is crap!
0	No video, no call restrictions,
0	haven't found any yet 
1	looks, comfort of baby, reclining ability
0	Screen can get scratched, complicated features and speaker sound unclear when loud.
0	Signal strength, but can be attributable to T-mobile, not the phone, will never know.
0	Complicated but clear to set up.  A possible ink guzzler.
1	Keeps track of units , worldwide time, airtime and regular time
0	Fussy keys & feels delicate, Lack of sync software.
0	warmup takes longer than the &amp;quot;ready&amp;quot; light indicates
1	good solid camera with floppy disk option
1	Outstanding customer service
0	Heavy and bulky for smaller cars, rear is a little open on the stroller.
1	Picture quality, extras that come in the box (wireless remote, battery), hotshoe
0	but it won't work at all on my system
0	standard battery could be better.
0	None.
0	Nothing that would keep me from buying it again.
1	Convenient,having the car seat and stroller in one
1	Good value cam for 1-megapixel camera
1	Best of Breed (digital camera + 15 sec MPEGs), Quick for "precious life moments"
1	Nickle Hydride batteries,  ease of use, excellent color rendition
0	No lens cover that's it!
1	Nice look, low price
1	Small size, great picture quality
0	HP OfficeJet T45 does take a considerable amount of space.
0	to numerous to write.-not enough room on this page.
1	cheap cheap cheap...and good quality prints!
0	Can't stand it up in the folded position like other strollers
0	Not as compact as some.
1	Web capabilities, Good reviews, moderately priced, wireless headset (btooth)
0	Red eye, lack of optical viewfinder
1	Low cost, good quality, reliable
1	Just about everything on this phone
0	basket could be bigger
0	loves batteries, you need rechargeables, However, The firmware update helps a lot!
1	Ease of Use, Great Flash &amp; Zoom Options, Easy To Navigate Menus, USB
0	speed/ battery life
1	For $20, its a great price. 
1	Small, extra covers are cheap, AIM access
0	Use photo paper for best results
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
1	Lightweight, slim, good feature set, good screen clarity
1	Learned what to avoid in my next digital camera purchase.
0	Now my wife can get me, not my pager!
1	small, sleek looking, eye catching, simple
1	Rated highly by many reviewers
0	high battery drain
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Poor RF performance
1	Small, great reception, good screen, good battery
0	lack of downloadable ring tones and pictures
0	Impossible to see screen outdoors.  Signal strength indicator horribly inaccurate.
0	No zoom, no flash, bad viewfinder, old.
0	A left-handed person and this phone are not compatibile.
0	small battery
1	Size/USB Interface/Storage Capacity/2Mpixels/Zoom/Menu
0	can be slow on big projects
1	10x zoom, lots of user controls, easy on batteries
0	A bit expensive/slow for normal document printing
0	Premium Glossy photos suffer from bronzing...
0	Slow Copier, Costly Ink Cartridge
0	Adding paper could be easier
0	no fax facility, can't do A3 copies
0	Plain appearance when closed
1	Signal,Features, everything!
1	pocket sized, reliable, big screen
1	can be used in over 120 countries, light, voice dialing, cool looks
1	Nice Design, Makes brilliant copies
1	Looks nice, user friendly, fun to use.
0	fixed lens, no lcd viewer 
1	Well built and thought out.
0	None yet
1	Feature Rich, Great Looking Hardware, Zoom, Picture quality
1	LIGHT WEIGHT, Durable,ALMOST STATIC FREE.
1	Very fast, great color printing(on high quality paper), good price
1	great pictures/ease of use
1	Compact size and very good video for a still camera
0	Poor reception
1	User Friendly, Easy to Use, Long standby &amp; talk time
0	Nothing but trouble!!! from AT&T and the phone itself.
0	The ringer tones. Selection isn't great but you can download different sounds.
0	performance, picture quality
0	slow to respond
0	Slow to navigate,difficult to see the screen in sunlight.
0	Lens cover/spring works funny
0	Can't store calling cards in it.
0	Clunky interface, dim outer screen, no removable memory.
1	Generous features, High Resolution screen, Camera easy to use.
0	Red-eye with built-in flash (as with all compact cameras)
0	Confusing controls.
1	ALL in one machine
1	Feature rich, easy to learn and operate, great call clarity, great battery life.
0	Learning curve is pretty steep.   It eats batteries for breakfast.
0	Shakes a little too much
1	small, and CUTE
0	Size, recording speed, must use Sony flash
1	Great quality, ease of use
0	Questionable quality and occasional smudging.
0	The battery sucks, might as well travel with quarters for the pay phone
1	The black and white printing
0	Sucks down batteries, no manual focus
1	easy to install, great print quality
1	AOL IM compatible, easy to setup/use, blue screen, very light
0	no optical zoom, eats batteries like mad when viewing with LCD screen
0	haven't found one!!
1	Cheap and effective
1	Small. lightweight, great reception, so many features
1	Keypad, features, price,
0	paper jams
0	Size (it's HUGE!), ink cart. prices, paper-feed problems
1	Good print quality. Scanning software.
0	Battery life could be better
1	Size, battery life, software
0	Low pic quality. not hold many pic's on High Resoultion (20) Low resolution (80)
0	No analog receiver, basic phone.
0	4MB of internal memory, no power adapter, poor LCD.
1	External Caller ID, Polyphonic Ringers, Customizable Ringers and backgrounds, Charging Time, Vibrate Alert
0	Optional leather case hands-free plug hole doesn't line up well.
0	can be hard to hear on
1	Affordable, compact, detailed LCD screen
0	Auto-Feeder from hell, Support from hell, Drivers from hell, Prints on the inside of itself, rebates from hell, price still not worth it
1	Inexpensive, easy to install.
0	Needs it's own printer table or side table
1	small, can be used as still, movie or web camera, low price
0	Lack of zoom
0	Can be confusing to use, not sleek looking, batteries not long lasting.
0	Feels flimsy, max volume too low, overpriced.
1	Floppy storage great convenience
0	does not come with AC adapter
0	So-so text output, ink consumption, print head maintenance
0	Sometimes has trouble picking up a signal where there is a lot of interferance.
1	High resolution, Digital video, easy to use, Multitude of settings.
0	flash broken when purchased and had to be replaced
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
1	good call and music quality, blue tooth technology, speakerphone
0	Poor focus, NOt easy to handle with 1 hand. Not enough Manual operation
1	Lovely printing and scanning.
1	Lots of functions
0	Mediocre battery life, Keypad response
0	slow, needs some additional purchases
1	Very inexspensive
1	ink cartridge lasts a long time
1	Lexmark X73 is a multi-function printer/scanner/color copier/fax machine
0	a little pricey
0	child can fall off when standing
1	This is a great camera
1	loud, clear reception, flashy looks, cool camera and awesome features.
1	inexpensive, crisp, vivid text and color presentations
1	Zoom, clarity, special functions
0	No removable media, No flash, Low resolutions
1	Too many features to list, lightweight, good battery time and very reliable service
1	Great quality,Great Price
1	All the features, fantastic battery, light
1	Wonderful photographs
0	Still weak in low-light situations, even worse than the 950.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Price, Floppy Disk Drive, Battery Life, Shares battery with Sony Hi-8 Video Camera
0	Dont like charger cord, cant buy faceplates and there is no case for this phone.
0	Expensive cartridges; software sometimes forgets where printer is
1	Finally!  A successful marriage of a Palm and Cell Phone.
1	Aesthetics, Speakerphone, Battery Life
0	Everyone one else wants to play with it!
1	Accepts different lenses; Feels like a &lt;i&gt;real&lt;/i&gt; camera; Sharp pictures
1	high resolution, compact, portable, easy to use
0	None really.
0	Battery Sucker, Delay between when you push button and picture is taken
0	frequent break downs
0	short battery life and red eye 
0	slow, wet pages come out from printer. 
1	Low operating costs; low equipment cost
1	Compact and easy access buttons
0	Poor picture quality and no flash.
1	Small, light, durable
1	High quality pictures, ease of use, good documentation
1	great camera awesome resolution, zoom.
1	Pretty phone and graphics
0	image quality
1	a trendioid's wetdream, hotness on a stick, light
0	Misrepresentation, dishonest practices and tactics.
0	horrible service, nothing but problems
1	Professional quality SLR, Interchangeable lenses, 6.5 Megapixel low-noise CMOS sensor, customized functions, metal body.
1	Looks good
0	Should of made it come in several colors along with the teal.
0	Bigger memory card required...Poor Battery life .little LCD screen.
0	Nothing significant
0	2 megapixel resolution
1	Picture Quality, speed of printing, card slots for compact flash and smart media cards.  
1	Email is useful. From my computer, I  email my grocery shopping list to myself.
0	Everything else.
1	price, resolution and ease of op.
0	UPDATE: My lens malfunctioned.
1	Good price for 3 megapixels, offers great software picture modification.
1	PIM style phone book, Password protection
0	Fuzzy text on plain paper, Large, tough to find Canon Photo Paper Pro, Pricey
0	Silly non-rechargeable batteries included. Included case doesn't fit the camera
1	Good price, works fairly well. Bought 3 year warranty.
0	You get what you pay for.
0	That's about all it does. Pretty uninteresting.
0	minor functionality, no battery meter
1	Good quality, fast and quet
0	Video mode only record for 15 seconds, The memory card is too small
0	slow picture taking
1	easy of use, great pictures, lots of features, the list goes on 
0	Slow w/ full page color printing, expensive cartridges
0	resolution/can be a bit pricey for the non-pro
1	nice pictures
1	cheap refurbished ink save lots of money over time
1	comparable to higher priced models
1	Excellent quality in almost every area
1	easy to use, multi features, great photo quality
0	Must Use HP's 4x6 Photo Paper to get Full 4x6 Print!  Print Cartridges Not Cheap!
1	Lightweight, inexpensive, easy to use
0	overpriced, lack of wide angle
0	Fixed 8MB RAM, 45 Sec Warmup for First Page, Paper Jams Messy, 150 page tray
0	2x zoom insufficient at times
1	It's color and easy internet WAP access
0	None that I have come across
0	See review
1	3X optical Zoom, 4X digital ZOom
0	 no through the lens viewing at eye piece
0	Auto camera shut off, LCD stays on!
0	Large, Ink-Jet Cartridges Expensive
0	Large size,High drain on batteries
1	Speakerphone, voice dialing, cool blue light.
1	durable, space saving compressed mode, WinXP supported
0	No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the pics until you download.
0	Won't print maps
0	price
0	none yet
0	Cartridge cost.
1	nice selection of ringtones, speakerphone!, hold feature
0	single band, dust
0	A little noisy, Medium price, 
1	Price, good for simple things, quality is decent.
1	Quick, great resolution
0	no optical zoom, slightly bulky, odd battery gauge.
1	was good at first
1	Faster, quieter, smaller drop-size, archival ink-sets
1	excellent color and black print quality, compact, moderately priced
0	Lens cap design is poor, complicated menus.
1	Ease of use.
1	Stylish,compact,lightweight
1	decent quality printing, easy to use
0	Ring signal volume is low and poor picture quality.
1	Good Quality, Good on Ink, FAST!
0	low black resolution
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	Easy to use, affordable.
1	Good user interface.
0	I have no use for the infrared port
0	Not Photo Quality Printing. Colors Come out poor.
0	Not a great camera but who cares.
0	Antenna on this phone isnt any good.
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges
1	Very compact for a double stroller, inexpensive, gets the job done
1	Photo ink lasts 75 years
0	warm-up time too long and noisy.
1	The size of the phone and the options of choice.
1	easy to use
0	It's hard to &amp;quot;score&amp;quot; around the edge to pry up the top
1	Name &amp; quality are great as always with HP.
1	Picture quality, zoom, large lcd
0	Terrible pics in low light conditions, no LCD indication for battery charge., 
0	Flacky on Win 98 and No Drivers for Win 2000
1	Small size, easy to use, camera option, email capabilities, good battery
1	Size, Weight, Picture Quality, Memory Size, USB connection
0	Expensive running costs, noisy, large, problems with non-Epson consumables.
0	don't know of any yet!
1	cheap, small large capacity, user-friendly.
1	I have the 2001 Trek Pliko and it is GREAT!
0	Can't lock keys to prevent accidental dialing, ringer not loud enough
1	Ergonomically familiar to Canon EOS SLR owners.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Camera is capable of absolutely stunning images.
1	Very good pictures, 3x optical zoom
1	Cheap, good printing quality, light, easy to install, quiet 
0	Can't think of one
1	cheapest phone to buy with a camera and plays cool ring tones
0	Battery Life, Buzzing near TV and Phones and long stubby antenna
1	Small, cool looking, vibrates, easy menu use
0	middle-of-the-line
0	Menu's a bit confusing
1	Why  I wanted to buy another NOKIA, is It's one of the better cell phones
1	high powered, compact, style
0	ease of use
1	Lot of value for the $, easy to use and install, quality printouts
1	NONE WHATSOEVER
1	Battery life
1	The day i gave it back to my cell phone company
1	price and ease of use
0	Obscure lens, not alot control
0	NO ACCESS MESSAGES
1	Great Printer especially  for pictures
0	USB somewhat unreliable
1	good photo quality
1	color screen, reliability
0	no a/c cord, bad zoom controls, LCD hard to see
0	slow reaction speed
0	Price. (you are paying for style)
1	Big buttons, Small Phone, Good battery life.
0	Battery life, Bulky size, Camera resolution
1	Great reception!
0	everything else.
0	A frustrating exercise in planned obsolescence.
0	Rather expensive
1	sleek, small, durable
1	long battery life, durable, charges fast
0	Nothing really
0	60 second auto-off, Flash defaults to OFF.
0	Drains batteries fast, no lense cover, no case.
1	This stroller is washable, and easy to use.
0	Expensive, poor reception, display glitches, difficult to turn on and off.
1	Great Pictures, Small
0	Focus can be tricky, some preview modes are less than optimal, not 35mm yet
0	VERY FRAGILE, doesnt last, Review based on 7 phones over 2 years, please read.
0	Pricier than lower models
1	Great looks, call quality, voice recognition and command, features, MP3 player, and battery life.
0	Spotty reception, poor bluetooth
0	VERY HIGH SERVICE COSTS, Battery life, lack of sunshade on backlighted viewer 
0	Slow. Slow. Slow. Lousy data accessories.
1	front screen, speaker phone, vibrate feature
0	*horrible* reception, cheap build,  did I mention horrible reception???
1	it's a printer
0	No Continuous Zoom, Lens doesn't swivel, Long warm-up time, Photowise 2.1.2 lacks features of earlier versions, LCD has slow scan rate
0	still not as good as a real photo, still runs out of ink
1	extremely cheap, high performance laser printer
1	Great camera for the advanced user as well as the beginner.
0	Built a but flimsy, will crack a bit if dropped (even in a case).  That is the ONLY reason why I am rating this a 4.
0	Doesn't measure signal very well, T-9 "word guessing" software is annoying.
1	Size, features, coverage.
0	There are smaller cameras now.  Flash slow to warm up
1	User friendly, convenient features
0	random noises
1	Clear print -- but only for a few short jobs. That's it.
0	No cable included, expensive to replace ink
0	Print quality is poor.  Slow
0	Poor battery life.  Shoddy and failure-prone software.
0	No IR, keypad takes some getting used to
1	ease of use, easily installed,  
0	could be sold w/ high memory chip, but no biggie
1	Packed with features, great style, light weight
1	Easy to setup. Very good scan / print quality. 
0	Occasional error message on screen.  Problems with machine reading that the cartridge has been replaced.
0	makes my computer crash
0	wimpy 8MB compact flash card
1	Low price for 3+ Mega pixels; Comes with a charger and AC adaptor
1	rugged
1	Motorola durability, signal strength
0	a little bit noisy&amp;#133;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Slow color printing, expensive ink, strange output occasionally.
1	Light
0	battery guzzler, low zoom range, low power flash
0	bad connection
0	Optical viewfinder edges aren't well defined, but that's IT!
1	picture quality, battery life, flexible storage devices
1	Sexy, easy to carry in pockets, aluminum casing
1	lightweight, reasonably priced, highly manouverable,folds easily,my baby loves it
0	can't use earphone functionality to fullest extent
0	A little slow registering photographs
0	Weak vibrating alert
1	Speaker phone, outside display, coloured display on inside
1	bluetooth, voice dialing, color screen, camera
1	Professional features; great quality: lightweight and handy.
1	- Compression free images - Quality Olympus lens
0	uses a lot of battery power...but this is to be expected with digital equip.
0	Features may not make up for high price
0	Slow
0	Paper feed sometimes will grab too much paper, inkjet cartridge is $45.
0	Ring tones too quiet.  Vibrate is very weak and can't set it to both vibrate/ring.
1	no film development, high quality, older generation camera = cheaper
0	no zoom
0	Cheaply made; rather fragile; could break easily if dropped often or stepped on;
0	Slow, Design Fault with flash overexposing - I'm on my second repair.
1	ITs Free
1	it has lexmark technology
1	Almost everything
1	my 10 year old and grandmother can both operate it!
0	No address book, no Internet
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
0	They aren't free..........
0	reception
1	Features available for the price
1	The IS-22 Scanner Attachment is great
1	Thin and sleek, Cool color nice features
1	great pictures, and low money, depending on the person
0	poor signals (frequently) prevent calls
0	Expensive , expensive additional battery ,  small size Compact flash memory  card
1	Unlimited storage
0	Price is high for most consumers, size
0	It does everything for you.
1	good quality, network support, paper extender (for 8&amp;#189;&amp;#148; by 14&amp;#148;)
0	earpiece volume could be better
0	the cartridges are a little expensive I think
0	not always intuitive to know what buttons to push to get the right option
0	See Review
0	slow image processing &amp; storing, can't handle night shots greater than about ten feet.
0	wedded to Sony for supplies, Only prints 4x6 and 3.5x4 pictures
1	Trust in the name and price
0	Maybe a little small for some people, can't really think of anything else
1	Technologically advanced, blue-tooth, color screen, great battery life
0	Foolish interface, stupid handsfree set.
1	Speed,ease of use, wide zoom range
1	Very powerful Camera, fairly small construction, 4.1 megapixels!
0	saving numbers is a task
0	reception problems
0	None!
0	Need rapid shot capability. some photo opportunities missed because you need to wait for photo to be stored on Flash Disk before another photo can be taken
0	Oddly large antenna, it gets in the way
0	Some interface quirks, PCS Vision service pretty unreliable.
0	Bulky, Menu layout
1	Affordable and great graphics printing
1	Price, Features, Usability, USB
1	Excellent picture quality, easy control manipulation. NOT A POWER HOG with 2200 NiMH rechargeable batteries!
1	Works nicely
0	Reception, contacts and a silly screen...
0	a bit pricey for Joe average if your not going to use all the functions
1	Looks like a camera
0	Inaudible ringer, poor battery
0	none
1	Improved reception, Compact design, Lightweight, 65K color display.
0	Initial cost, definitely not sleek-looking
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	Plastic scan/copy bed should be glass, Some software components not stable.
1	small size, superb pictures, portable format
0	Probably not for photos; loud.
1	Color screen, loudspeaker, IrDA, lightweight, stylish, polyphonic.
1	Small, Stylish, Easy To Use, Crystal Clear!!!!
0	None that I've found
1	High resolution, easy to use, great software.
1	Dirt cheap.
1	Very good quality, Easy to set up
1	Small Size, Color screen, loud ring tones, easy to use
0	Short battery life, LCD screen illegible in strong light, poor owner&#146;s manual.
0	Freezes once in a while, not many new features.
1	Blue back lighting, reception and clarity, and the battery life.
1	Folds up, loud ringer &amp; it vibrates.
0	Must purchase floppy adapter at the very least for any kind of speed in transfer from SmartCard to computer.
1	Epson does not fail with this printer.  It's a winner
0	Miserable battery life, poor battery cover lock integrity
0	Takes too much time to turn off
1	FREE!!
1	Small enough to carry in my pocket
1	Quality, Speed
0	Batteries die fast
0	Outgrow fast
1	Lightweight, small, over 5 days of battery life.
1	Inexpensive, Multifunction
1	Great printer for the price. Easy set up.  
1	Very vivid LCD Display.  Excellent Quality Pictures
1	Price
0	Have not found any as of yet....
1	Zoom , floppy disks and ease of use
1	Speed, Quiet, Detailed
1	Great entry flip phone and Virgin's Mobility Plan
1	easy menu system, loads of storage and good choice of image formats, video with sound
1	Easy to use, great pictures
0	Somewhat bulky when open, display, somewhat confusing navigation circle
0	Pictures not super quality.  Image screen a little slow
1	Good starter digital camera
1	Durable
0	Miniscule(very tiny), odd-shaped and illegible keys.  Mediocre sound and reception. No Screen Zoom.
1	quick and easy
0	good picture quality
0	Lens cap, price
1	Cheap
0	Bulkier than a StarTac, smallish screen.
1	Cost and Software Included
1	Great reception, bright backlight, easy to navigate
0	The way it opens. Battery length
1	Excellent Quality, extremely flexible.
0	Some of the "extras" cost extra to use.
0	Paper handling startup noise
1	Color screen, camera option, recurring alarm
1	High-quality, easy to use, fun.
0	basket a bit small, price a bit high
1	Sharp Pictures
0	bulky, heavy; battery life
0	the lio battery is too expensive and isn't strong enough for this camera.
0	Ringer volume(Please read review), menu a bit difficult to navigate.
1	Great sound quality, amazing features
0	Construction quality, buttons, ergonomics
0	One 1.1 megapixels
0	Case not very durable and antenna is flimsy
1	large seats and basket, lightweight
0	This Vivitar is the worst possible quality
0	Ink is expensive.  Combined color cartridge...when one color is out, they all are.
1	Good quality printing
0	Bad service history with Sprint
1	Sharp images, inexpensive
1	Good resolution, great zoom, easy to use, USB connection, great price, movie capability
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
0	No clock (what were they thinking?)
0	Slow print time
1	Great size, All-in-1, Great reception, Speaker phone, Wireless Internet
0	Cannot think of one
0	No optical zoom, no high speed com port
1	Great quality photos... standard upgradeable smartmedia card memory...
1	Beautiful quality and very fast
0	Original Color Ink Cartridge goes out fast
1	Swivel lens, compact size
0	Short battery life, awful image quality, poor construction, terrible software
0	Vertical format shape and 8 way selector take getting used to.
1	Photo Quality.
1	Innovative Media Storage, Nice Photo features, Great Zoom and View Finder
0	underexposes without flash, battery life, price, no AC adaptor!
0	Must have original software CD, AC power in front, limited movie &amp; no sound.
0	expensive
0	Same problems with DeskJet 930/932/935 but lacks a few features.
0	None!
0	Size; Slow battery charger
0	Battery life; talk time; earpiece volume;
1	Small, lightweight, great reception, and usable features.  Changeable Faceplates!
1	Clear pictures, even at full zoom.
1	great pictures quality, good usability, light
1	Greatest printer ever built
0	short battery life
1	Menu driven, Sony CCD, Cannon lens, EASY hookup to computer, voice recording, movies
0	no view finder and battery life span.
0	lack of detail, poor customer service
1	Low Price, High Quality, Long Cartridge Life
1	Very easy to set up, good quality
1	very sturdy
1	The only good thing about this phone is battery life..its really good
1	small, very durable, AIM installed on some, spacious keys
0	feeds out more than one piece of paper
1	High quality prints, much improved speed from original PhotoSmart
0	quality of unit,
1	really really good quality
0	Voice Feature Glitches
0	fragile, unreliable 
1	It's small and cheap
1	Price, ease of use, only uses two batteries
0	Heats up after about 15 minutes talk time.
0	top-heavy & awkward at times
1	Reliable, inexpensive laser printer
0	Would like more Zoom
0	none so far
1	compact and reasonable pictures
1	ease, convienence
1	Print Quality, Flexibility, Speed
0	battery life, Menus, evil sounds.
1	Although an oldie but very reliable.
1	3 Things in one. Easy connectivity and transfer of files. Only 16MB card.
0	High price, quality does not match 35mm film yet.
0	Cheaply made case,low battery life
0	tones, pics, etc are awful, menu screen are confusing could be far better
0	picture quality (if you don't read my review)
0	To big and bulky
0	Careful of the flash - it can wash out your pictures
0	Hate the money it takes!
1	Small, clear sound, durable, good design
1	Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
1	Fantastic Price and Solid Construction
0	Costly
0	only 2X Zoom, expensive power adapter, no simple USB driver
1	Great durability
1	Call quality, ability to get signal where my others phones couldn't
0	cord shorted out
1	Easy to use, even with little knowledge of digital cameras; clear, quality pictures
1	Laden with useful features, good performance
1	Easy to use, video feature, picture preview, no cables 
1	it took quite a few smashes to break the screen
0	difficult buttons, expensive ac adapter
1	easy point and shoot; good enough software
0	prints only one sheet at at time.
0	none
0	drains batteries quickly
1	good color
1	4.0 MegaPixels, 4x Zoom, Capability for SmartMedia &amp; Compact Flash.
0	Front slider easily broken
1	Lightweight, small footprint, extended features
1	great battery life, easy to use menus, great quality
0	weight
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
1	FANTASTIC PHOTOS, LOADS OF FEATURES, 10X ZOOM, VIEW FINDER
1	Unlimited features and light as a feather.
1	Easy to select pre-selected pictures modes, large view finder
0	poor reception, lock-ups, poor battery life
0	A Little Hard to Program
1	Easy to learn to use, pictures take enlargement well, adequate standard memory. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Speakerphone, two-way radio
0	Camera will break.
1	4 mega pixles, battery life, clear images. 
1	uses the lexmark print driver and produces an acceptable photo output
0	Short battery life, Mac software difficult to install, troubleshoot, compact flash memory card has limited capacity
0	overheats too much, TracFone too expensive, phone too old to reprogram for current service plans
1	Photo quality prints; big 13x19" enlargements; seperate ink cartridges.
0	harder to use
0	Charging time, sound quality, options, holster
1	Great Text And Photos
0	flat headset plug that comes off easily, volume too low for me
0	adjusting to no film processing?
1	High Quality-Professional Features
0	Poor design
1	Easy to setup and install
1	Nice screen and keyboard
0	GETS VERY VERY VERY HOT!!!!
1	Photo quality color, can monitor ink levels
1	inexpensive
0	price, uses new xD picture card
1	good options, small, great battery life
1	Outstanding print quality and speed.
0	Medium battery life, Cord is sometimes difficult to unplug.
0	Battery life is terrible Not enough people using ReadyLink
1	Super easy to use, a lot of features for the price, great flash
0	noisy, first print takes a while to get going
0	Fragile, Hard to hear
1	Size, reception, audio quality are EXCELLENT.  Sure is blue!
1	Light weight, comfortable cloth, reclines, sun canopy, very maneuverable and compact
1	Pretty pink, sexy looking, slim profile, bluetooth
0	bad software .lousy speakerphone.no seperate controls for vibrate or ring volume (without adjusting the same time the listening volume
0	Finicky in low-light situations, download software difficult to use
1	VERY high quality, great compatibility, ease-of-setup, volume capacity, and SPEED
1	Easy to use! clear pictures, plenty options for me to customize my photos.
0	Slow startup, pictures not always "sharp" as film pictures
0	Not much.
1	Compact, hand held 3 in one toy.  Easy to record and 'port data.
0	No video outlets. No A/C adaptor.
0	Power button awkward to use at times
1	Great zoom, good colors
0	Using LCD eats batteries, 
1	Solidly built, with a host of features.
1	STYLE! Color, polyphonic tones, speakerphone, radio, headset
1	Easy to open and collapse. Seems durable. Easy to maneuver
0	Easy to lose(!)
1	solid construction, good reception, decent battery life, lots of features for the $
1	Easy to use, great pictures
0	Printing Envelopes
1	EASY to use, great picture quality, EASY to use software included.
1	Good speakerphone, sound is clear in digital land almost all of the time, tri-mode
1	excellent picture quality, long battery life, many extra features
0	Not the tiniest desktop footprint. Capable of jamming (albeit only when pushing your luck)., 
0	Dim Lights
0	Not outstanding battery life (not bad either), coverage is average (again, not bad either)
1	Easy to use.
1	HP always makes good products, and this is their best ink jet printer
1	Fair Price, Very good Photo Printing,
1	Large Memory, Great Pictures, Beautiful Crisp Display, Multiple Functions, Great Service
1	Reasonable battery life, Compact Flash storage, nice pictures, zoom
1	Exceptional clarity, great features, lightweight, changeable faceplates
0	Can't change lens
0	Bulky, Unreliable file reading
1	Excellent quality, reliable, easy to use.
1	Price
0	Can lose the lens cap!
0	none really
1	It is so lightweight and easy to use.
0	Not the highest resolution available
0	a little noisy, the ink drains a little quickly
0	Slow speed
0	drains batteries quickly
1	great quality,  takes video clips, easy to use,  nice zoom,  works like a HD. 
0	Expensive
0	Battery life, no manual focus.
0	poor quality in low light
0	Sliding door opens too often in pocket
1	storage medium, battery life, ease of use
1	Ease of use, print quality, additional software
0	No external caller ID
1	decent price, decent pictures
0	You can't use it to go shopping at the mall.
0	Serial Connection
1	Size, photo quality, sturdiness, movie feature, adequate resolution, black and white mode.
1	great pictures, unreal sound
0	only lasted 5 months
1	the navy color of the frame
0	Terrible technical support; poor customer appreciation.
0	I can't afford two
0	Slow focus and a bit noisy
0	The ink cartridge replacements are very high priced
0	Absolutely need a rechargable battery!
0	LCD/Electronic viewfinder is hard to see under certain lighting conditions.
0	Automatic Duplexer does not work with WinXP
1	Small, Lightweight, Dual-band, Easy read Menu, Voice activated dailing, Vibrating call alert
1	Single ink cartridge technology!
1	The Phone is Small, Clear, Durable (I've dropped it...), and Easy to Use.
0	Where shall I begin?
0	Poorly designed lens cover, no manual settings
1	Many features, small battery
0	No zoom, need to buy larger memory stick
1	Good Price, Great Resolution, Great Colors
0	Reception terrible
0	Not the highest definition print available
1	ZOOM!, extensive manual controls
1	Ink cartridge life
1	easy to use, swivel lens, macro mode built in, has all basic features
1	Size, Price, Picture Quality, Features
0	Weak LCD display and battery life indicator only shows on weak battery.
0	Not very durable
1	Good reception, LCD clear and well laid-out, easy to learn.
1	Speaker phone, light weight, dependable
1	One of the best optical zooms &amp; easy to operate!
0	Low resolution for too much $$$
0	no picture preview, uncommon memory
0	May be too pricey!
0	small memory card and eats through batteries, so you'll want to upgrade to rechargeable batteries and a 32 MB Flash Card.
0	Clunky (which is also a plus), not a lot of "cool" presence.
0	I wish it rang louder!
1	Same quality, less expensive than 3030
1	Works in Europe as well
1	Outstanding image quality, ease of use in auto mode, extensive selectivity in manual mode, uncompressed TIFF mode, three useful compressed JPEG modes, wide shutter speed range, rapid recovery allows multiple shots in a short period of time, good ergonomics
0	costly to run, printhead died 1 month after warranty
0	Short battery life, no optical zoom, confusing controls.
0	dropped calls; random shut-offs; poor voice quality (I'm always told speak up); no 2-way texting
1	Picture quality, ease of use, zoom.
1	excellent image quality, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote control
0	battery consuming, no case
0	Software glitches, photos grainy.
0	noisey paper feed
1	Cool storage - can fit a lot of photos on the disk.
0	Size, feels somewhat flimsy sometimes.
0	Inferior reception when compared to the older Nextel phones, high price no longer justified
1	Cheap...easy to set up and use
1	Versatile, solid, good print quality, good copy quality
0	1.3 megapix, no zoom
1	feels like a 35mm
1	Built in network, 16MB memory and two paper trays
0	Horrable Battery Life, Sucky Service, Sucky Customer Support!
1	Good-looking phone with nifty blue backlighting that is easy to read in the dark
1	Excellent photos! Plus an easy to use camera!
0	Almost nothing
1	Works good as modem
0	Battery didn't last long.
1	Usage instructions are very clear;  very compact and easy to carry
0	Not much. A couple nit-picking observations...
0	print quality, paper tray
1	Cheap, USB, simple to operate
0	Ink needs to be changed earlier than most other printers.
1	Small, easy to use, fairly cheap
1	Great camera to learn more about photography.
0	Lens Design Flaw is REAL!!
0	Fixed Zoom lens of questionable quality and sharpness
1	Great quality, quite, fast, reliable
1	Great looking photos, very happy with larger prints, like 8x10, 5x7
0	lens cap, battery life, a little big
0	Voice Recognition on only 20 out of 100 phonebook entries.
1	stand alone color copier, very good print quality, good price for a All-in-one
0	Unreliable charger
0	Tiny wheels, narrow seats, expensive.
0	Noisy loading. Gray color.
0	Read the review to see how many flaws this phone has
0	Only a 2X optical zoom.
0	will not stay closed, extra work needed to position (optional) car seat for newborns
1	Great list of built-in games, easy to use configuration.
0	Noisy
1	size, features, quality
0	paper feed in drawer would be great, network communication not perfect
1	Good graphic quality, good speed, quiet, great price
0	Slow on graphics loaded pages, driver can cause problems
1	good features
0	not available in some areas
0	Short standby battery life, Unable to d/l ringtones &/or screen savers, too small
1	Cheap, great quality prints
1	amazing picture quality at good value
1	lightweight, better reception, small, new features
1	design, size, weight, features, display
0	Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
0	easy to lose
0	Lack of available accessories
0	expensive, no "view" from back seat, hard to handle on curbs
1	compact, double fold, nylon fabric
1	Excellent durability, more than adequate memory, many really cool features.
0	only black and white, few paper problems
0	Slightly clunky interface, can't open easily with one hand.
0	Pricey, Frequent Red-eye, Serial image transfer is slow, Awkward Software, Camera always zooms in by default
0	Feeding heavy stock from paper tray, incorrect instructions for printing a test page.
1	low cost, good image quality, no additional cost for AC adapter
1	durable, compact, good battery life
1	Great Picture Quality and Easy to use
1	Good perform
0	A little big for small hands.
1	quick printer, good quality
0	Lousy reception.
0	Nothing.
0	none
0	Software, no manual feed, ink jet means high cost of ownership
0	Only lets you one black cartridge at a time.
0	Can't take continuous pics, too long to shoot
1	Style and Functionality included in the one phone, GREAT customer service
1	large letter display
1	COMPACT, LIGHTWEIGHT, STRONG SIGNAL STRENGTH, VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
0	No fax or auto-feeder
0	Need GOOD lighting for pictures
0	low storage on disk
0	some ringers are not loud enough for me
0	none found
0	Easy breakdown, Huge antenna, Flip open itself. HIGH radiation
1	Easy to use out of the box, Tons of features and settings 
0	Could be slightly faster
1	Nice looking phone with an easily readable screen.
0	old menus and os. no memory, no ir, no mp3/fm, bad camera
1	Good quality print jobs, inexpensive ink, multiple features.
1	Small, easy to use, High resolution, great quality, many formats
1	Can't think of any
1	It is cool looking
1	Expensive features, low price
1	Excellent print quality, fast
0	Baby almost fell out of stroller onto a cement floor.
0	noisy, poor quality photos.
1	good quality for a good price
0	Looks a big cheap
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access a bit cumbersome
1	Picture quality is just as good as the higher megapixil cameras, and it's cheaper.
1	Good macro photos
1	I think this is a best buy at about $200.
1	Speed Dial is useful feature.
0	Poor interface, poor repairs
1	Quality, Price, Ease of Use
0	Ink runs out quick
0	Reception, sound quality, battery life, fingerprints and scratches on face, power connection.
1	It's generally free!  Okay sound quality.
0	Uses batteries quickly.
1	Clear reception; no unexpected disconnects; features
0	nearly self-destructs when trying to print Avery videotape labels &amp; t-shirt transfers
0	Plastic is &quot;squeaky&quot;
0	Cables too close
0	Slow flash recharge.
1	Easy to use, easy to set up
0	Slow boot. Slow charge on flash between pictures
1	Small, Comes with A/C Adapter
0	EXPENSIVE ink cartridges
1	1.great quality 2.cheap price 3.compact
0	Software not as intuitive as it could be. 
0	Ink usage is a high.  Rear paper jams.
1	Quality Pictures
1	Good Price; 3X zoom; Loaded with Features; Very user-friendly
0	still slightly bulky,cant add pics or ringtone for each contact,lots of people have it,flat screen
0	broke after one week, and replacement camera was also defective.
0	Everything else but the battery life.
1	Easy to hold, very clear sound, no zone-outs
1	Long battery life
0	Jerky control stick, slow connections to T-zones, functions not working.
0	a little bulky, pricy memory sticks to replace floppys, only 90min charge time.
0	Software not XP compatible, scanner is slow and scan quality not up to par
0	Printer cable not included.
1	Very excellent printing and fast
0	Downloading Time
1	It was FREE, bundled with my new Dell.
0	Battery life is a little short
1	Beautiful output when new; easy to setup
1	features, size
0	Can't download rings, Doesn't have external caller ID, SIM card too easily accessed
0	Slightly grainy
1	It's rugged, charges quickly, simple to operate, basic phone no unwanted bells and whistles.
0	- none
1	Small size, great features, good quality
1	excellent photos, long battery life, video capture, compact size
1	Small, light, easy to use, eye-catching
0	slow cycle time, cost (accessories), night shots
0	very few features, not that hot in low light, hates batteries
1	Picture quality, storage, easy of use, small size, great value
0	No drivers of OS X, doesn't do as well on HP photo paper
0	Cost of the printer cartridges.
1	Price, ease of use, quick flash recovery, easy navigation and long battery life.
0	no mode settings (sports, night, portrait) shots. Lens cap...easy to lose.
0	6 ppm
0	Price; Non-holographic display
1	Great reception, lightweight, durable clamshell
0	Small size, not as many accessories, memory stick pro prices
0	uses batteries faster than you can sneeze, no zoom
0	none
1	Small, compact, fits in pocket
0	HEAVY, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
0	none
0	Battery life/ flash settings
0	screen may be slightly small for hardcore Nokia users.
1	Non-folding, lightweight
0	Small paper capacity. Only holds 50 or so sheets at a time.
0	Have to buy the extra cable, print quality could be a bit better, somewhat noisy.
0	a bit complicated for beginner
1	very easy assembly, accepts most infant car seats, stylish
0	A little slow on the color, vibrates a bit
1	Nikon name, pixels
0	bit large, and loud paper feed
0	eats batteries, only 2.1MP
1	Great optical zoom, easy menus, good quality
0	small basket, small wheels, doesn't fully recline 
1	-good looking
1	Compact design, easy to use, high quality, doesn't require a computer
0	horrible speakerphone quality.
1	Fast, Easy To Use, Reliable, Energy-efficient
0	Jams once in a while ripping the paper, lines when printing color from PC.
0	Paper Output Tray
0	No optical viewfinder, no video-out; red eye issues
0	Dim Screen in light & no Voice Command
1	Quiet, quick, great printing
0	Lens cap could be tighter; no saving in TIF format; plastic card holder door.
0	included wallpapers, included ringers
1	high picture quality, protected lens (barrel and cover)
1	Nada
1	good quality pictures and movie clips
1	Cheap, Basic, OK Starter Phone
0	no cons what so ever
0	 Fixed lcd , memory stick, battery charged in camera, flash?, slow lens 
0	big size, uses inks fairly fast.
0	Original drivers, amount of ink too small
0	None
0	a little big and heavy
1	Compact and cheap, no paper jams, easy to use, prints on envelopes well, sturdy case
0	only 8 MB media included, drains regular AA batteries quickly
1	Resolution, ease of use
0	High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
1	Small, durable, easy functions.
1	good quality, see pictures in an instant
1	Incredibly tiny.  Sturdy build for what it is.  Decent picture quality.
1	sharp display, crisp sounds, lots of features (photo caller ID!)
1	Great combination unit!
0	None
0	Skips a beat which can annoy you.
0	Price and weight
0	Short battery life in analog areas, Antenna is useless
1	drop in charger
1	Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
0	can only scan and photocopy pics and sheets of paper
1	Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
0	Not great under low light conditions
0	Mode Dial is very likely to fall off.
1	lightweight, neat fabric patterns, folds easily, 
1	Quite small.  Good color for pictures
1	Awesome Print Quality, Quick Photo printing, Quiet.
1	Compact size/weight
1	Beautiful Images, Small Package
0	Jams easily, won't pick up paper, overheats, and hangs up a lot.
0	Ringers hard for me to hear.
1	A high quality and easy to operate camera, for an affordable price.
1	Easy to Use, Sharp pictures with beautiful color reproduction !
1	clear pictures, ease of viewing, great for a first time digital camera owner
1	Has adequate features for the price
1	Simple, no-frills, looks decent, buttons have a good feel, unlike almost all newer phones
0	Haven't found one yet..  8-)
1	Sleek,light and good looking. Bright keys. Large screen. Fairly good camera. Good vocal projection.
1	Looks nice
1	Features, price, picture quality
1	Small, light flip phone with color LCD, polyphonic ringtones
1	Good Basic Phone, GSM, SMS
0	umbrella , no harness strap,  just belts across lap
0	drops calls
1	Selectable image aspect ratio printing, Voice Memo mode, In Camera Crop/Trim &amp; Re-Size function
1	large format
0	cost of cartridges, noise, profile
1	web enabled, easy to use, fast recharges
1	Easy to use, good sound, nice compression feature.
1	User friendly instructions.  Great for a 1st time user of digital cameras.
0	price
1	many features
1	Zoom, Diskette, size, real camera, video
1	Reception is GREAT!
1	Cheap, Easy to use 
0	No Web Access, limited selection on ringtones and graphics
1	All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
1	Cheap, nice software package.
1	Easy to use, high image capacity
0	lcd display shows finger and nose prints
1	Excellent call quality, bluetooth, clamshell form factor, sexy face plate.
1	Size, portability, metal case, style, battery life, games, screen quality, *durability*
1	Bluetooth, Useful PIM, Screen, Easy to Use, Built Solid
1	Cheap, great performance, user-friendly.
1	Brilliant Design, clear and sharp screen, MPEG4 playback, Quad band support, Bluetooth
1	Very easy to use, Great picture Quality, Video with Audio is a great feature
0	Ink Costs &amp; Slightly Washed out Prints
1	High quality color, USB connection, very quiet, compact size
1	Vivid, Saturated Color, Great Quality
0	Kind of big.
1	Very quiet, easy to setup, sharp characters and images.  
1	Fun  Great Quality Pictures  Easy to Use
0	No double sided printing
1	formidable photo quality, durable, versatile
1	Quality,Price
0	phonebook not alphabetized, limited ring tones
0	Average picture quality. , 
1	Cheap...mine was free. easy to install. USB connection. XP friendly.
0	Can hit the lock key without knowing it
0	no optical zoom, small lcd
1	Great features &amp; price.  Good for beginner or advanced users.  3.1 megapixels.  It's a Kodak.
1	fabulous!
1	Great output, very fast printing, and low ink cost.
0	No Flash, No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	If you are impatient, you won't like this unit.
0	Slower than a Ronco infomercial
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures, good video, too.
1	Lots of features.  Easy to use.
0	not photo quality
0	High ink consumption, print quality with good paper, small paper tray
1	Great quality at an affordable price
1	Very small and lightweight - great reception
0	Uses a lot of ink if printed at best settings
0	No USB
0	some accessories are cheap
0	The i1000 model is a little complicated
1	Fun, cheap (by now), good if you're willing to do a LOT of touch-up
1	Very inexpensive
0	The software installation should not be customized
0	Picture quality still lacks crispness
0	Serial Port Connection, Rapid Battery Drain (due to brilliant LCD), small 8MB card included
1	Can handle 11x17 paper; few if any driver/software problems
1	Floppy Disk Storage
0	no parent tray
0	Crashes, bad documentation, bad Cingular network
1	Good styling&#13;&#10;changeable faceplates&#13;&#10;AWESOME battery life&#13;&#10;keyguard
1	Sleek and handsome looks, nicely rubberized, dual back-lighting
0	High capacity compact flash cards are a little steep in price.
0	price
1	A Digital Camera That Will Do All Your Work.
0	We had trouble (not being super computer proficient) with getting the camera system to work the first time.
0	For complete ease of use you may want the optional SmartDisk memory adapter.
1	size, weight, reception
0	bulky, battery life, lack of bluetooth
0	Stroller squeaks sometimes
1	compact, easy to read instructions, great printing quality
0	None so far!
0	none
0	Only comes with Serial download, no USB provision.
1	easy to use, great quality
1	Very good zoom lens, good images in high contrast situations
0	Recharging battery takes forever
1	It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
1	Great Output
0	None
1	Very fast, and verasitile... Photo quality results
0	lithium ion battery can be expensive...
1	Easy to use, fast, cheap to use, comes with it's own battery charger.
1	I have to install these printers.  They are easy to install.
1	picture and text quality, price, no paper jam, can use parallel or usb cable.
0	weight
1	Without all the problems, it's pretty easy to use
0	it prints pretty slowly
1	easy
1	great resolution, fast B&amp;amp;W printing, affordable
1	Excellent price, solid quality output. Flexible interfaces and lots of options.
0	Black and white cartridge too small.
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, Stylish 
0	Sound quality is bad, Lack of more robust addressbook.
1	Small, convenient clarity
0	None so far!
1	Very good features and quality at a bargain price.
1	For its price it prints okay
1	Inexpensive, great quality, doesn't guzzle ink
1	White light background.  Small, light,
0	Feed Me Batteries if you use the LCD
1	sturdy, great size, user friendly
1	Very small, light, camera is built-in.
1	Small, nice design. Clear display. Inexpensive.
0	Expensive 2CR5 Lithium batteries...no PC connector for an external flash...oh well, its unnecessary
1	BEST PHONE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
1	Amazing reception, great speakerphone, very nice voice dialing.
1	Fast, easy to use, amazing quality, great for photo's
1	absolutly none
0	Ring tones, even turned up high, not loud enough.
0	batteries need to be replaced often
1	Great features/modes, high resolution, color fidelity, excellent metering
0	loudest ring may not be loud enough, attenae tends to stab me in the side
1	very small, light weight, durable, reliable, flashy.
0	Drains batteries faster than other digital cameras.
0	See text below
1	Good reception, long battery life, lightweight
0	Bit expensive
0	Small form factor makes hitting the buttons difficult if you aren't paying attention.
0	Finding a vendor that carries the phone
0	Heavy and a little bulky in trunk.
0	I wish it had a better zoom, need to shoot movies in landscape
1	Print Quality, Easy Instalment and Price
0	4 MB Memory Stick is INADEQUATE&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lack of optical view finder in bright sunlight.
0	Not a &amp;quot;solid&amp;quot; printer, NO WIN 2K DRIVERS!
1	ergonomic, easy to use, great lens, decent focus, decent flash support
0	Terrible phone! Bad battery life, doesn't notify of messages, sometimes doesn't ring at all.
1	Nice size, cute and pretty, easy to carry, nice color screen
1	Great quality images at an acceptable page/minute speed
0	A little steep in price(but worth it)
1	Good sound quality, easy to use interface. Easy on batteries.
0	Cheap antenna, terrible battery life, hard to read display, very top heavy
1	very good reception, easy to use, battery life is great
0	Limited to 3.1 MP
1	great bargain, great printing!
1	Clarity of photos, ease of use
1	Because it is Nokia 8850!Stylish, Durable, Infrared
0	poor reception in buildings
0	No bluetooth, low ring tone volume, camera quality
0	Complicated menu
1	great images, price
0	Ink runs out quickly if used as copier
0	Slow interface, poor reception, very complicated system
1	so easy and intuitive to use
0	Should have included an AC adapter and Case
1	Excellent, affordable, user friendly
1	Sony quality - most bang for your buck
1	High quality printing..Good to have copies of things
0	Windows XP Installation. Long Distance Number For Tech Support.
0	The cover is not see through like the i1000 plus
1	Rugged, good looking, nice LCD display, reasonable on batteries, smartcard media is handy
0	many
1	Wonderful picture quality, doesn't need too much expertise to start impressing people
1	Durable, inexpensive.
0	Could be considered expensive 
1	Small size, well built, high-res display, FM radio
0	plastic, not durable
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	Output quality, construction, and driver support.
0	None.
0	No external antenna kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
1	clear images, not to loud
1	I have yet to find anything this camera does not do well.
1	Extremely easy to use, nice packaging and feel, lots of everyday use features.
1	Small and light
1	Clear pictures, nice a lot of money .
1	fast printing, good print quality, good price, 
1	Great Quality, 2.0 Mega Pixel, Low Cost, Optical Zoom
1	Very easy to use, easy to close
0	top paper tray is not removable, no network capability
0	pic quality varies,  expensive battery
0	You have a good chance of getting a dud phone (see review)
1	A real "convergence device"&#13;&#10;Acts as portable hard disk
1	Good print quality, 
1	Fast! Great Picture, four ink tanks
1	Quick, easy, durable
1	small , compact
0	None
0	Expensive, no new faceplates, a bit big
0	Hard to hold, small memory card, strange wait time to take pictures
1	excellent price, efficient ink usage, quick, decent resolution, crisp text and beautiful photos
1	Worked, for about one year
1	ease of operation, feature set, and price
0	TOO MANY GLITCHES IN THE PHONE DOESN'T FUNCTION PROPERLY, small keys, non-color display
0	See Review
1	Nice size, easy-to-understand buttons, long-lasting battery, good features, free with rebate
0	the darkness of the preview screen
0	Production looks rushed. Manual missing features! Quality control concerns. Few extras.
1	compact and reliable
1	Twin screen, small & very stylish
1	Great Quality, a lot of options for picture quality.  Options of 56-300+ pictures (32MB Card)
0	Weak vibrating option
1	Good print quality
0	Small keys,average battery life
0	not the smallest phone
0	memory stick to small, no movie mode
1	None
0	No standard ringer, can not assign caller-id images, vibrates while being charged, no speakerphone
0	Although the phone itself accepts ringtones, you CAN'T get them if you're a Verizon Customer!
1	built in camera, external color display, cool factor.
1	Resolution and speed.
1	Quality, quality, quality
1	Small size, dual displays, great looks
0	Horrible print quality
0	Durability, small internal memory, battery life, no optical zoom, viewfinder, dock not needed.
0	Poor reception, Bad menu design, Slow keypad response
1	carriage and stroller very comfortable for baby
1	Small size, good image quality, 2x option,
1	Compact and lightweight
1	Fast, cheap, great quality
1	Good durable camera
1	Excellent voice quality in standard handsfree and a terrfic speakerphone mode.
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER
1	Compact and metallic body.
0	Noisy- Slow-only holds small amount of paper
1	Nicely styled exterior, bright, colour screen, small size
0	fair quality, Limited # of Pictures before download
1	It's relative small and it plays music!!!
1	High Quality Pictures, Easy to Use, Floppy Format, Great Price
0	Relative bulk, doesn't come in yellow
0	Menu does provide relatively difficult learning cost in comparison with similar models. Cost.
0	Hate the paper feed tray 
0	Tray 1 output feed causes loss of desktop space
0	Needs a lot of light.
1	Stylish, great reception, slider is pratical and functional
1	Nice looking design.  Comfortable to hold.  Nice interface.
0	Rather cheaply made &amp; expensive cartridges
1	carseat easy to manage
1	This is a fun phone until it breaks.
0	Average battery life,
1	Great photo quality printing
0	bad for night photos; LCD hard to see with daylight glare; 
0	none at this time
1	Easy to Use, Excellent Print Quality, Good Drivers
0	Shape takes a bit of getting used to.
0	uphill learning curve, for an old SLR guy
0	Glass lens "window" is a little exposed.
1	Compact Size, Stylish, ergonomic design, 14 scene modes, amazing macro function.
0	Speaker too quiet, too easy to accidentally press buttons, not enough features.
1	Large color display, Great features
0	Cheap software, eats batteries, easy to accidentally turn on.
0	Broke after 2 months , and froze up quite a lot.
0	Really cannot think of any
0	Very poor battery life and Very limited memory with no option to expand it
0	doesn't come with enough accessories!!!!!!
1	great design
1	Large screen, good reception
0	Does not meet advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No support.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to use,great pictures, compact yet fits well in hands.
1	Cheap, easy to use
1	Value, functional, excellent color quality.
0	haven't found any yet!
1	Easy to use, not too big, not too small, great battery life
1	Absolutely gorgeous, decent audio quality
0	A slightly bulky, pull out antenna, doesn't come with games.
1	picture quality, optical zoom, price
1	Print Quality, Energy Star, Toner Saver, Robust Design, Simple, Fast, Surprisingly Nice Paper Paths
1	The 270C has everything you need in a cellular phone and more.
1	Really sturdy stroller
0	Questionable durability.
0	Flash is too bright, transfer software doesn't install, uses CR123A photo battery (expensive).
0	Not alot of ringtones, Menu is confusing at first.
1	Print Quality, Price, and Efficiency
1	Fast printing, good text quality printing, trusted name.
0	Mediocre plain-paper printouts, consumables expensive, water soluble ink
0	picture quality, battery use, no view
1	Fast, clean, good colors, convenient
1	Does everything well.
0	front wheels occasionally lock up
1	Compact, tough, sexy, very good image quality, and movies with sound &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Very good camera with versatile lens attachments, built in flash system.
1	Small design, convenient address book.
1	Print preview saves from printing headaches!  Fast.  Print DOUBLE SIDED
0	button placement
0	Poor quality pictures, High power consumption, Low memory size
1	High price makes you look like you have a lot of money to blow
1	Sleek design, great features, compact
1	Convenience
1	Looks, Ringtones, "pocket sized"
1	Light, Full-color screen, Feature-rich, Great design
0	Doesn't have a lot of extras like a camera phone
0	No stopwatch.  No bluetooth.
1	Great pictures, easy to use and adjust
1	Prints very clean copy!
1	Backlight is neat.
1	Nikon quality Lens,  many features 
1	Good output, easy install, high reliability.
1	Friendly interface, can set different rings for each number in your phone book, calendar, to-do-list.
0	None.
0	cartridge size, time of use
1	high quality with a low price
0	terrible reception and transmission
1	Packed full of features, downloadable content, easy to use.
1	Easy to take pictures and download them.
1	Price, Ability to change look, Battery life, Keylock, Easy to use
0	Less than perfect photo quality
1	Good print quality for text, decent picture print for a sub-$100 printer
1	small, clear sound, good batter life
0	Battery gets pretty warm after talking for extended periods.
1	Easy to use.
1	Small, Stylish, Great Sound Quality
1	Great features, good print quality, easy to use
1	Small, not bulky, light-weight, slim design, phone holster is easy to use, timers helpful
1	Easy setup, easy use, fantastic photo prints!
0	very hard to upload on to a pc
1	weight, convenience using disks, instant playback
1	fast, vibrant colors, reliable, 
1	Quality sound, Easy to use, Nice features
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	sometimes the display fades and I have to tap it
0	None.
1	Incredibly versatile; ergonomically perfect; easy to use and navigate; very durable.
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery life is short, only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
0	none
1	ease of use, quality of photos
1	great results, easy to learn
0	None yet
0	Hard to wash covering
0	Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow shutter speed
1	Ease of use, price, picture resolution
0	pad slips, unaccessible basket, folding causes pad to be on floor
1	Perfect size, easy to use, affordable, good software
1	great phone for a low price!
1	Features, and loads of them!
0	easily locks up, not much signal
0	Small for a palm, large for a phone
0	It is very expensive!
0	Black ink cartridge is too small.  Paper size limitations
1	Ease of use, Floppy disk for film
0	Jams a lot; jams are difficult to re-start
0	Standard paper output tray takes getting used to (see review).  Otherwise, none.
1	Excellent resolution; 16 MB card; rechargable batteries
0	lacks stylishness, less then adequate reception
0	No Black &amp; White or Sepia settings, (although you can use your software) 
0	Cost and volume in noisy areas.
0	Requires thorough understanding of photography
1	fairly inexpensive, zoom lens, auto lens cover
0	No pictures for the family albums. Still need a traditional camera with film!
1	Very thin, looks good, works good, awesome features
1	Does everything quite well.
1	Excellent quality, user friendly, compact
1	Lots of features
0	None
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
1	Uses a common cartridge, good functionality
0	short battery life, quirky ObeyMoto voice recognition
0	red eye, weak flash, too little memory to start
1	Extremely good photo quality 1600x1200 !
0	Battery life is too short. The "macro" feature is weaker than I hoped. 
0	Two SMS is horribly integrated, service, expensive
0	It is a little slower than I would like it to be
1	Nice menus, big screen, Navi-roller is convenient/fast, long-battery life
0	Not for graphic or color prints jobs.
1	Ultra small, good battery life
1	hmmm....it's a nice paperweight, good software
0	Gets fingerprints on LED window
0	Uses a lot of ink
1	unbeatable portability, ease of use
1	The latest Symbian OS 9.1 SP1 -- it's all you can dream of right now.
0	signals, clearity, and many others
0	Cost&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	It is a battery eating machine!
0	Overly sensitive to water, Blue Back-Lighting drains battery quickly.
1	Blazingly fast autofocus, excellent metering, and a very very sharp lens.
1	good  to have a camera with you all the times  able to send photos.
0	only certain cameras work with infra red device
1	Construction, image quality, functions, manual mode, good macro, 16 mb included compact flash
1	Small, easy menu, like the flip
1	image stabilization, CD medium
0	none
1	Inexpensive, good quality print, generic cartridges are cheap.
0	Not so perfect LCD
0	Poor ear volume, no speaker phone.
1	cheap
1	Many features in compact size.
0	Flash kills batteries, bad with low light, no macro mode.
0	nothing so far
1	Pretty, cheap, doesn't jam, and cheap
0	as large as any 35 mm single-lens reflex camera but lighter weight
0	No cons I can find except SD card song recognition.Small plastic covers easy lost.
0	ear-bud only, long menu's to cycle through
0	None that I have found to this point
0	Quick, but not FAST.
0	Buttons on side, VOICE RECOGNITION DIALING!!!
0	expensive when it came out.
0	Poor & static filled reception, short battery life
1	Value priced, great print quality, quiet, easy to install and use.
0	makes a bit of noise, takes time on quality print jobs
1	fast, good quality, light, infraRed
0	battery life
0	8 MB Memory Stick is small
0	Expensive inks. Typical HP printer driver. Quirks with the "paper saver" mode.
0	poor battery, buggy software that freezes up
0	None
0	Possibly not quite as good at photo printing as the six-color photo printers.
0	Typical Nokia junk!
1	Durable, light, nice features
1	Good phone with modern features but not a lot of the headaches.
0	Not as compact as a flip phone.
0	Too much noise at high ISO or low light situations.
1	Crystal clear 4MP images, 3x optical zoom, long battery life, lots of great features.
1	Very easy to use. Light weight. Keys are covered.
1	compact,inherits the Nokia family characteristics,nice color,multi-functions
1	Small size, lightweight
0	bad reception, bad battery life, gets hot while in use
0	no a/c adapter, should come with a neck strap instead of wrist strap.
1	Easy to use, small, good quality
0	needs a case to come with it; hard to see photo in sunlight
1	Instant Pictures to share with family on the www
1	great picture for the money
0	Expensive Print Cartridges, Doesn't Come With USB/Parallel Cable   
1	Great all in one combo for the money.
0	none
1	Voice activated dialing, speakerphone, long battery life, clear display
1	Web capability, Games, Shortmail
1	Easy to use, Small
1	Very small and lightweight. Great color screen. Trendy.
1	FAST, sharp text, Great color
1	Completes many tasks well.
1	Sleek look, buttons easy to press
0	Low Speeds
1	Print quality, reliability, included software
0	You need to be careful of hitting the correct number - but really nothing else!
0	Cheaply manufactured and small basket
1	Lots of range
1	Simple enough for any nitwit to set up (myself included) 
0	Small memory card!
1	Resolution, Magnesium Body, USB Interface
0	no adjustments for quality
1	Size, phone book, vibra call alert
0	No self timer.
0	The full feature and option list is a long list to learn!
0	slow cpu
1	takes wonderful pictures
0	autofocus in dark situations is crap - can't reload batteries in camera
1	Fantastic Color Photo Printing, Auto-paper sensor, Fast Printing
1	Digital is where it's at...down with developing film!
1	size, photo quality, and flash card storage
1	Fast, Optional Networking, USB 2.0 compatible
1	Older child can sit or stand
1	Quick, quiet, easy to install
1	Price, picture quality, size
0	cost of cartridges and frequent loss of communication with PC errors
0	Cheap trays. Text quality could be better on plain paper. Noisy loading paper.
1	Very easy to use.  Takes clear and vivid pictures
1	none
1	Features, Price, Flexibility, quick picture taking
1	Cheap purchase price
1	Very Small
0	See above
0	where should I start?
1	Awesome photos
0	The sunscreen isn't big enough to be effective and there's no hand brake.
1	Good looking phone, bluetooth, tons of features
1	Small, light, flip open to answer a call
0	Screen malfunctions, erratic reception, clock functions poorly and disappears.
1	large screen.
0	1999 technology, is nearing end of product life.
1	Great image quality, 3.34 Megapixels, good color accuracy.
1	lots of great features, nice image quality, long battery life
0	Image resolution
1	small and light weight, battery life. great ringers. External Caller ID/ time display.
0	Needs carrying case for protection
1	Great image quality
0	A little expensive. Only includes 32mb Memory Stick.
1	Ease of use &amp; great pics with a 10x optical zoom.
0	difficulty in using electronic zoom, delay in responding to trigger
1	A great camera overeall
1	Great feel, camera, nice look.
1	Weight, clarity of calls, design is fun.
0	Expensive cartridges; electrical limitations
0	none
1	8X zoom, exposure control, quality, ease of use, battery life
0	A little heavy.
0	Can't view Pictures as you take them
1	Compact,Easy to use,Vibrates and rings,caller ID,separate rings for family
0	sloppy HCI, doesn't take full advantage of capabilities, below average reception
0	None
0	Cannot use legal size documents to copy, fax or scan.  
0	Gobbles batteries
0	Must have at least two fully charged batteries to get the most out of it.
0	cheap doesn't matter when you can't get any PICTURES out of it.
1	Easy to use, great features
1	quality, features, price
1	lightweight, easy to maneuver, attractive to look at
0	Had to load the print driver three times before it worked properly.
0	not easy to create depth of field effects with E10.  Limited zoom.  slow menus.
0	Volume doesn't get loud enough
0	Phonebook/Caller ID, I don't know if its worth the extra cost for the color
0	THE CARTRIDGE FOR IT COST AROUND 27 TO 45 DALLARS, SEEM LIKE A LOT.
1	Good quality of pictures and easy to use.
0	Lame games
1	None - Piece of garbage. AND IT KEEPS GETTING WORSE!
0	Ink cost
1	Quiet, fast, great color quality
0	I ran out f black ink after 3 months
1	Lightweight, reclining
0	To many to list- chiefly, difficulty with programming phone book and reception.
1	Easy to use, affordable
1	works
0	flash inconsistent, takes dark pictures
0	battery life, camera, poor tmobile coverage
1	THE Honda civic of cell phones!
0	doesn't have all the bells and whistles of fancier phones, no games or web browsing
1	Great Image Capacity
0	Not perfect photo graphics but excellent w/right paper
1	Ease of use, Large LCD Screen, Good Optical Zoom for size
0	Battery Life
1	small, compact design with handy belt clip and volume control
0	Could provide better/easier software, have to buy a/c adapter separately.
1	It's an HP!  Fast, great print quality.
1	Simple to install and use, Almost excellent print quality, Fair Price
1	Fast recycle time, 3Mpixel, thru-lens viewfinder, 6x zoom, software
1	Cheap Price - Great Family Printer
0	1.3 Megapixle.  Open close mechanisim for sometimes pinches lense barrel.
1	Small size, 2.1 megapixel image quality, video mode, CF media, controls, panoramic mode
0	Cheap shell, poor battery life with flash, weak software
1	Economical rate plan
1	Quality
0	Sometimes frustrating 
0	Mac users must have USB.
1	Multiband Digital Coverage, Lithium Ion Battery, Voicedial, Data Cable, programmable buttons, hold feature.
1	worked well for one year
0	Configuration conflicts
1	Full Featured&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Fits in pocket&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great pictures
1	Crisp laser; relative ease of use; low cost.
1	responsive, really nice resolution, feature laden
1	Photo Printing!
0	It takes a few minutes (at most) for the ink to dry out.
0	Big. Floppies can be good or bad feature.
0	Lack of games, size (size matters to some).
1	Lots of great features
1	Small size, easy to stow in your pocket
1	Nice big color at a bargain price
1	easy to use, comfortable to use, through the lins focusing, customer service, upgrade policy.
1	Great Feel.  You actually forget you are using a digital camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Terrific pictures
0	Did not load pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
1	see above
1	small, good picture quality, added memory capabilities
1	see opinion
1	Price, picture, look, everything!
0	none to complain of !
1	Incredibly sharp images. User-friendly. GREAT CAMERA
1	very simple to use
1	EASY! Great pictures and video, too!
0	Loss of Time/Date Settings, Loose Casing
0	Doesn't come with case/floppies
0	Paper mis-feeds paper occasionally
0	Have to buy a vibrating battery.
0	turns on and off at random, or mine does anyways.
1	Quality Images, Cheap storage, Sturdy Construction
0	Haven't found any yet
0	a bit slow; somewhat noisy; bulky 
1	easy to collapse, removable rain cover, stylish, lightweight
1	Outstanding combination of features and value. 
0	poor image quality, weak flash, dark dull shots
0	Price, poor macro ability, no audio in video playback (on camera only)
0	Could be faster in high quality modes. Bangs around a bit in high speed.
0	need to buy more memory, rechargable batteries, battery charger and adapter, (all for about $100)
1	small, easy to use, astheticly pleasing, multi-functions
1	Small size, 4 Megapixel resolution, 3 flash settings, 2:3 ratio for perfect 4X6 prints
1	Lightweight, huge array of features
1	a reliable and sturdy phone with many advanced features
0	Menus are not laid-out like most US market phones and can be confusing.
0	Poor UI, poor battery, no programmability, poor speaker, poor speakerphone.
1	Small size, movie mode, great auto-focus, 3.2 megapixels
0	Buggy web browser, buggy battery meter
1	Clear, simple, solid, and long battery life
1	Nice camera, good packaging, small
1	Great sound quality, Long Battery Life, Compact design, light.
1	HP top-shelf brand history cannot be denied!  Low price.  Separate print cartridges.
1	Speed, Functionality, Look
0	Text and black artwork not as dark as a laser printer
1	Lightweight, simple, sleek looking, display screen.
1	Small and manageable, High quality pictures with good zoom capability.
1	The stroller is a perfect size. Comes with rain cover, reclines, etc.
1	GSM roaming works almost anywhere, single global phone number
1	Quiet, fast, good quality
0	steep learning curve, no USB transfer
0	Cannot Network
0	No screen protector, that I guess could get beat up over time.
1	VERY easy to use.  High image quality.
0	Uses a lot of batteries
0	Kind of big and clunky looking.  Noisy paper loading.
1	Many great features including: Bluetooth, Infrared, Camera, MP3.
0	Battery life could be better.
0	Gotta get all the accessories!
0	Nose smudge on LCD monitor
0	Seems to use ink quickly; ink cartridges are about $30.
1	takes good pictures, easy to use, ability to add lenses
1	PTT capability, rugged casing, rubber grips on side
1	colors, washable seating, dual wheels in front and back, full recline
0	price
1	Excellent Quality, Easy to use
1	While not perfect, this Nokia phone is quite nice
1	exceptionally easy to use, accessories are easy to find
1	good price-great pictures
0	You have to manually open the flash
0	weak battery, very strong memory card "eject" mechanism
0	size?, not as solid feeling as S and G lines.
1	Easy to use, Good pictures.
0	no optical zoom &amp;amp; low battery life
1	Cheap, Cheap, Cheap
1	So easy to use.  I love this thing.
1	Practical
1	Maneuverability, can fit most infant carriers, easy assembly
1	Easy to program.  Nice blue screen and backlit keypad.  Nice selection of ringtones.
0	Must buy rechargeable batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;and larger smart media card - although still a great buy
0	Didn't buy it sooner
1	Sleek, Feature-rich, Stylish, Easy to use, extra battery
0	You get what you pay for
0	doesn't deal well with glare, no depth of field, pictures grainy and/or fuzzy at full resolution- good for web work only
1	Good prints, cheap, light as a feather
1	Phone wraps, style, phone book, Voice mail button, ease of use
1	Awesome Zoom, Great Clarity, Great User Settings
1	Looks good, thin
1	Great Pictures
1	Small, lightweight, feature loaded, protected LCD, and integrated lens cover.
1	You can put a baby seat on the back seat, It is easy to push, it is very light weight
1	Prints fast and quietly and never fails
0	Poor photo &amp; plain paper text quality, high cost-per-page (a consistent problem with lexmarks).
1	Great idea for 2 small children; can be used with infant carrier
1	Works as advertised
0	cost of toner cartridge
1	Very Durable, Text Messenging, Nice interface, Office tools, Reception.
1	Small size, super clear calls, clever flip design
0	none yet
1	photo reproduction
1	The latest technology.  Almost a mini computer.
1	Good reception, nice width, excellent music and voice quality, decent battery life, 1.3MP camera
1	Excellent print quality and color.  Cheapest, good quality photo inkjet on the market.
1	Lots of manual settings, 58mm lens/filters can be used
0	no voice dial, no one button access to address book
1	Print quality is OK
1	Small size, external LCD
1	Tri-band allows you use your phone in majority of the foreign countries.
1	ease of use
1	NONE
1	Small, beautiful, customizable phone. Has the most features of any phone in the US!
1	Good quality printing
1	Lab quality prints. Inexpensive, quite and fast.
0	Needs card adapters, printing borderless a bit confusing
0	It really does eat batteries, Buy Re-Charagable
1	Sturdy, good features, easy to use and inexpensive.
0	Software problems on simple tasks, no IR or modem
0	Battery life could be better
0	This printer is too big, the print job is very bad and it is loud.
1	Fabulous picture quality, lightweight, good bundle &amp;amp; features
1	Moderately fast printing, multifunctionality
0	Integrated memory not expandable(48MB).
0	Poor resolution
0	bad reception
1	Cheap, ergonomic shape, menu easy to navigate, good selection of graphics and ringtones-very personalizable
1	Excellent photo quality, speed.
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
0	Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
0	Cuts in and out as you speak, hard to use controls
1	Great resolution, excellent zoom
0	Ring tones, WAP, LCD screen
1	5X optical zoom.  Threaded lens barrel. Easy to use overall.  
1	Movie mode; sepia &amp; B&amp;W, user-friendly, optical zoom, rechargable batteries
1	Almost unlimited features in a tiny, colorful camera phone!
1	cute shape, bluetooth, the themes you can set, mp3 player, camera, clear speakerphone
0	not for action shots
0	pricier when we bought it
0	None that I have found yet.
0	Cheap feel, terrible print trays.
1	takes good pictures
1	Easy to use, Good Quality Pictures, Good Storage Capacity
0	Reliability!
0	Cost of ink cartridges.
1	It sometimes saves you a trip to Kinko's
1	Amazing price! Great performance!
0	no video with camera, could be lighter, moderately expensive
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
1	Advanced camera, Good image Quality, Flexible exposure modes, many, many features
0	only 6 months, blown fuser 
1	Inexpensive, Good Printing Quality
0	software
0	Shutter lag 
1	That you can return it!!
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	Inconsistent Printouts
0	Ring is a little low (I don't always hear it in my handbag).
1	Clear sound, long battery life, simple to use, small size
0	crappy graphic, poor and expensive tech support
1	Excellent Printing/Scanning/Copying quality for the money
0	eats AA batteries like crazy
1	Small and nice features
0	Slow boot-up, some menu functions are annoying and cumbersome.
1	Great phone - Don't use Verizon
0	Slow processor, software is erratic and locks up on download,  exposure control difficult.
0	Unreliable, noisy
0	Zoom feature blurs photo too easily, Battery Drainer, Flimsy Strap, LED fuzzy/hard to view
0	slow in color, color quality is incomparable to HP
1	Beautiful print quality, when new.
1	Lightweight, easy to use, plenty of flexability in software (organize menu...etc)
1	Camera, good battery life, lots of features, sound quality
0	Lense cap, no lense adapters
0	batteries don't last too long
0	lacks some featers of higher cost printers
1	Great glossy pictures, letters, newsletters, etc.
1	Battery and charger included, good image quality even on lowest setting 
0	Not the best picture quality, limited storage on high res.
1	Color display, blue backlit keys...
0	not sturdy, break easily
1	Color Printer, Scanner, Copier all in one, USB Connector.
1	perfect for a beginner
0	cartridge may read empty when it is not
0	No coverage, No service, see above
1	Floppy Drive for Data Transfers
1	Great looking, long battery life and tons of fun features.
1	CD-R media, view online with any CD ROM, shoot and fire MPEGs
1	Voice dialing and recognition is exceptional
1	Stylish, but so are high heels.
1	Great output and scanning, easy to use and setup, cleans up your computer desk!
1	Quality, Ease of use, Technical support, Customer Service
0	Needs the right batteries !!!!!!
1	stylish, voice activated dialing
1	cheapest phone offered by cingular
0	Phone software is sketchy, Has frozen several times, Not the sturdiest phone out there.
1	Size, picture quality ease of use for beginners, price, versatility, etc...
1	same as fd81, easy of use 
0	$300 price tag is just too much
0	view finder does not work well in low light
1	keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, voice commands, and a nice battery life compared to similar featured phones
1	COLOR!!!  Cool games and ring tones.
0	Only thing I could say is the battery life...but the pros far outweigh this!
1	Great form factor, great build quality, unique, and beautiful screen
1	Good form factor, decent reception, easy to use
1	Very easy to use, inexpensive, multiple resolutions, versatile
0	The system has limitations locally, for now.
1	picture quality, size and appearance
1	I love it
1	Attractive phone, unique design, very portable, large display, crisp call quality.
0	Can be too small at times, faceplate and battery cover are cheap
0	Smart media card storage
0	Ringtones, ringtones, ringtones...did I mention lack of ringtones? Confusing internet navigation.
0	None - OK, they removed Solitaire, but that's it!
1	Convenience, no film to develop, ease of use
0	very limited faceplates, little hard to get used to. Terrrible echo
1	Very Durable, takes reasonably nice pictures, reasonable price. Doesn't drop calls.
1	Style factor, coolness, exterior display, size, camera, built, speaker
0	Focusing is a little harder than with a normal camera.
1	great text prints, decent color, fairly fast
0	Eats Batteries, No Zoom
0	Low talk time, antenna breaks easier than most
0	Zoom options are limited, eats AA batteries like candy!!!
1	PORTABLE, EASY TO USE, DURABLE
1	QUIET, fast, inexpensive, easy to use interfaces, bright colors, USB capability
1	Great Features and Quality from Fuji
1	Loud enough, looks okay, nice weight, for those who like options there are options-galore
1	Whisper-quiet, lovely print quality, relatively fast
0	washed out color, poor paper handling and drinks a lot of ink
0	primitive features
1	Great picture quality and light weight.
0	Low battery life, is the echo the phone or Telus,  and where is bluetooth?!
1	Excellent value camera with many great features.
1	lightweight, convenient, attractive&#9;&#9;
0	batteries used up very fast, no optical zoom
0	Switching snap-on covers can be a pain
0	Very poor support
0	optional accessories are limited, weak, and very expensive..some features are hard to use
1	great quality
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	Easy to use, good pictures, reasonably priced
0	Short battery life, Weak Flash, and Urrrrr..... Needs more megapixels?
0	I really don't see any reason for a con on this product
0	None
1	Clear, great reception, cute ringtones, GPS capabilities.
0	Battery time, ringer volume, speaker volume
1	Large screen, clear reception
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	pic resolution not up to par as compared to 35mm. image
0	digital zoom, not optical. That's about it!
1	Phone is light (about seven ounces), and easy to use; not too compact
0	toner expense, dust
1	Voice dialing, small, liteweight, easy to use, great sound quality!
1	Great lens, improved zoom, better resolution options, included lithium-ion battery.
0	transfer to PC slow
1	Easy to carry around
1	It started the technology to give us the 6340I, battery life
1	small; nicely shaped; excellent interface; fantastic battery life; quality screen; very durable; awesome volume control
0	Limited resolution, expensive for a one Megapixel camera, battery hog
1	Good sound quality, Large display, openwave mobile web compatible, video/still camera
1	Lightweight, nice phonebook, background images, speakerphone
0	None
0	Battery life is short if you keep using camera feature
0	miss not having a lcd viewfinder
1	Inexpensive
1	Phone has been dropped several times and it still works (in a leather case).
0	Expensive. 5MP is probably overkill for most users.
0	Battery life is ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!!! Camera would be nice...
1	Speed, Noise
1	Very Lightweight,Has Speakerphone and Vibration features.
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
0	2x zoom, uses expensive 2CR5 lithium batteries
1	Compact, good controls layout, amazing photo quality, video with sound
1	Fancy, Compact, Clear, Excellent Phone
1	lots of cute rings, adequate phone book/navigation/backlit
1	Print the pictures you want.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Choose the size.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Save pictures to pc from printer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Quality, quiet, and affordable 
1	Light, conveinent to carry, reception.
0	Won't print color if black cartridge is empty.
1	Speedy, excellent quality
0	No good with XP, ink smearing, limited options.
1	Compact flip-phone with nice color screen and good digital call quality.
1	great device
1	size, features, text messaging, downloadable ringtones, calc,compatible with palm pilot, interchangeable faceplates and accessories
1	good looks, compact, rechargeable battery
1	great quality
1	Swivel body, great picture quality, features for the money.
1	Very easy to shoot photos and transfer them to the PC
1	dwedwe
1	NO FILM REQUIRED. Small enough to fit into a shirt pocket or on belt., 
1	Light, easy to use, crisp pictures, versatile
0	Cheap body
1	Price, Ease of Use
0	No audible beep when keys are pressed for accessing voice mail, etc...
0	Prints too slow
1	2.1 Megapixel, USB, Lithium Ion Battery, Metal Casing, RCA Plug for TV/VCR
1	Small, light, solid construction
1	great quality, allignment, money saving features, photo printing
1	Size, features
1	Speakerphone, good price, light weight
1	Nice features and easy to use
1	Blue screen, battery life, address book...goes on and on
1	Lightweight and very compact when folded.
1	Photo Quality, Easy to Use, Lightweight
1	Sleek body, huge LCD screen, okay battery life
1	Easy to use for the beginner, Functionality for the Pro, and the best exposure system.
1	The ultimate shirt-pocket camera! Rugged stainless steel.
0	display can be hard to see in sunlight
0	Bundled software (i.e. image editor) is pretty basic and geared toward novices
0	Does it take a master's degree in computer science to get this thing to work?
0	Have to have lens cap opened to view pictures on display mode.
0	Not for Photo Quality, Not lightening fast
0	Volume,No Calender, No date on screen
1	Great pictures, easy to use, lot's of bang for the buck
0	no cons
0	Lens cap falls off a lot
0	A little hard to hold, a bit fuzzy
1	Great picture quality.  Full of features, yet easy to point and shoot in auto mode.
1	Easy to use, light weight, nice feel camera
0	a little difficult to fold down
1	Good cheap printer for b/w only
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	Slow Wake Up from Energy Saver mode. Power hog. Odd software installs.
1	lens, image quality, exposure flexibility, battery life
0	Short battery life
1	Uses IBM Micro-drive, awesome battery life even with IBM drive, Great PICS!
1	easy to use, many available ring tones
1	Small. Stylish. Nice little extras
0	Subpar picture quality but then again, you get what you pay for
0	Slow and Loud when printing in color
0	None
1	small size, good games, lots of rings, battery life w/standby.
0	Unreliable.
1	Great quality, exceptional speed, quiet
1	price, standard cf card, AA, compact, quick, and lots more
1	Small, Color screen and well my external brain.
1	Quality of print, ease of use
1	Easy set-up and quick printing.
1	convenience,affordable,easy storage,comfortable
1	Simplistic ease of use, Fuji rewards buyer with extras, good picture quality
1	Speed, clarity, speed, ease of use, speed, separate ink tanks, speed.
1	easy to use,  good quality pictures, uses standard diskettes
1	very easy to use
0	Bugs in the software, random power offs, clock never works
0	just the symbols on the buttons
0	Bad alarm, ring/vibrate feature unpredictable, earpiece volume could be louder
1	Inexpensive, high quality print outs, easy set up
0	NONE
1	Excellent photos, ease of use, durable.
0	Short battery life
1	Sound Quality, MP3 Player, style and size.
0	No zoom, Battery recharge too long, , Small screen, , More expensive than other 2MP cameras
1	Good reception, relatively cheap, won't break and Verizon has a huge coverage area.
0	low storage capacity
1	color quality
0	Battery Life
0	Too much file compression,Poor motion capture capabilities
1	Small size, lack of external antenna make it easy to fit in a pocket
0	no bad things about phone
0	Ink(Cost) Not a Fan
0	can't think of one
1	Cheap.
0	The HP 710 is the founder of the term &amp;#13;&amp;#10;"Looks are deceiving".
1	Incredibly easy to use!
0	slow serial connection, flimsy design, VERY short battery life
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
1	Film-quality images, fast recovery time between shots
1	Good resolution, and a ton of extra features
1	Small enough to carry in a shirt pocket., Awesome clarity
1	Nice screen
1	Good small camera, great for people who dont take a lot of pictures. 
0	very bad flash quality for night time picture.  Color is all off with flash.
1	Quality photos and true colors 
1	durable, inexpensive, lightweight, in-style, good clarity
1	Small size, easy to use, inexpensive
0	Batteries Die Instantly Upon Use!
1	Good, all you need
0	Can't turn off annoying sound, speakerphone is extrasuper quiet, not my all-time favorite setup/rearrangement options
1	Clean Design, Excellent Display(s), Functional Keyboard, Everyone thinks it neat.
1	A small affordable color printer that is easy to set up and use.
0	still expensive
1	1600x1200 resolution means real 8x10" photos, smaller than most 2.1 megapixel cameras, fast continuous shooting
1	Size,battery life,comfort,ease of use,style,weight.
1	What good is a palm, mp3 player if the phone won't work?
0	clunky, buggy, broke, looks cheap
0	lack of viewfinder, hard to take pictures of moving objects
1	prints great photos
1	Very attractive and modern-looking. Small and not heavy. User-friendly.
1	Simple, fast, good quality
0	no paper manual, no USB connection, a bit flimsy
1	Battery saver feature, 6x zoom, incredible!, Macro feature, nice!, Easy downloads, 30-60 sec movies WOW!
1	slim design, durability, call clarity
1	Great picture quality
1	beautiful, smooth ride, roomy for the baby, good storage, blocks sun and wind well, can be opened with one hand, reversible handlebar, can be used for newborns to 3 years old.
1	Good print quality, paper never gets jammed, good price
1	Beautiful, small, quality pictures
1	colorful features, extra large font, alarm/w/timer and email feature.
0	Not as high quality resolution as others
1	Small size, many features, airplane mode, calendar
1	Size.  Size.  Size.
1	Clear Speaker Phone, PCS Vision Capable, Color Screen, Blue Backlit Keys, Nice Keypad Layout
1	Lightweight, decent photos, fun to use, good software.
0	tiny fonts, high learning curve, drops address book entries, not durable, screen invisible outdoors
0	lack of some options
1	great battery life, easy to use
1	Ease of use, TV connection cable, Decent software, interchangeable compact flash cards in many sizes
1	Overall sound quality, durability, size, battery life, features, quality, price
1	Set up of printer and software easy
1	The screen is fine.
0	Disconnects many times
0	Proprietary Sony memory, limited white balance options, and proprietary Sony external flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	good if you just want to put pictures on the internet. 
1	Great, portable printer with better than average results
0	poor quality control &amp;amp; poor attitude 
1	easy install
1	Price, Print Quality
1	Photo Quality, Size, and Price
0	manual feeding a touch tricky, beige
0	Best phone yet.
1	Great price, nice pictures, screen is a plus
0	Ringtones, I want programmable ring tones! :)
0	Additional memory cards can be expensive.
1	nice design, comfortable, built-in radio, wireless internet
0	No USB cable included
0	no alarm clock, limited service area, no good ring tones
0	2.5mm headphone jack, no data cable or flash memory included,  no PC software
0	CPU hang time on print jobs, still expensive for most casual users
0	few color choices
0	Weight
0	No frills.  No camera, bluetooth, mp3, speakerphone.
1	Compact size, ease take pictures, ease to download into computer.
0	Not very fast
0	Bad Battery life, big and bulky
0	Requires many floppy discs to take lots of pictures
0	Bad screen
1	Store 1000 names on the phone...Its light to carry around....
0	Takes awhile to learn all options, slower burst rate than 3030 but who needs faster?
1	Great Product, Support
1	Great pictures, easy to use, good exposure/color control.
1	GREAT sound quality, easy phonebook, love the display!
0	bulky
1	Sleek and stylish, best displays in the market.
0	Middle of the road reception, bad shape
1	Everything
1	Clarity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
0	Easy to loose!!!
0	Battery Life, Reception outside city limits
1	small size yet retains features of the C-line of Olympus Cameras
0	It gets hot after 20 minutes of use and not enough speed dial locations.
0	Little tricky to fold , Extra for basket, No storage on canopy, Cup holder
0	If you forget about it, it might end up in the washing machine...
0	Hard to find ink
0	Short battery life, red-eye reduction not very good.
0	the sounds of ring is not loud enough
0	Sometimes only rings 1-2 times (not adjustable); phone wraps obscure screen
1	Definetly worthwhile for the price
0	horrible reception, cannot use in car, weak vibrate option, NO CALL LOG, cheap feel
0	Battery Life, Buttons too low profile
0	Not Enough Optical Zoom, Very Bad Battery Options, Some Low Light Problems
1	Ease of use, solid feel
1	Excellent for Photos
1	Blow your mind pictures
1	Cheap, Decent Quality
0	external antenna accessories not available
1	Great color screen, good volume, nice size.
1	Ease of use, great quality pictures, cost
1	Cheap, decent photos, easy to use software.
0	None
0	reception, games, voice mail and text messaging hard to figure out.
1	It's HP
0	Quality up to par?
0	Bundled software poor
1	Small, Compact, Sits 2 children, Entertainment of older child
0	See Review Above
0	Better get Ni-Cad batteries
0	Small, too close together buttons on keypad.  Slippery plastic finish, hold on tight.
0	I have not found the cons yet.
1	Inexpensive, ink is cheap, good quality
0	need optional battery for vibra-alerts, and not that compact
0	Included software poor.
1	Folding lens avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Outstanding features and photos
0	Not as fast as some printers.
1	Really cool looking, small
1	Sleek design, attractive color and graphics, lightweight. fairly user friendly, Bluetooth
1	Cheap, space saving, good quality prints.
0	Size, Noise
1	Thin, web options, down load voice mail to phone, built in voice command
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	battery life with LCD turned on, lack of real zoom,  battery compartment
1	Umm. It rings. Pathetic FM radio requiring headphones.
0	Smartmedia storage, LCD drains batteries quickly, very little zoom.
0	Questionable long term durability
0	Expensive, display hard to see in bright sunlight, antenna could be redesigned.
1	Excellent image quality, perfectly portable.
1	Compact, handy size
1	Small profile &amp;amp; long lasting battery power
0	Low Battery Life
0	Inconvenient shape, Very Limited speaker use
0	Menu Joystick is difficult to manipulate, Buttons are too small.  Camera accessory is horrible.
0	No real problem with the printer, but HP technical support is below par.
0	Buggy screen, model is long in the tooth
0	none
1	Features
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
0	No accessories, no downloadable ringers, games, backgrounds ect.,
0	PAPER LOADING, Compatibility
0	battery life
0	None
1	Image quality, build, features, current pricing after release of G3.
1	I HONESTLY CAN'T THINK OF ONE!!!
1	Larger display than the other nextel phones, longer battery life, better sound quality, java-enabled games
0	New technology can have glitches.
1	games, size, colors, basically everything
1	Battery life, durability, good photo quality for the year it was made, T9 text messaging
1	CDs convenient and high capacity, good macro mode/pictures, flexible pic size, easy to learn
1	Photo Quality rivals traditional prints, Super fast output, Six Ink tanks, Stylish looks
0	weak LCD display, slow processing speed, no battery meter
0	Scroll wheel, average phone features, have to pay extra for music kit
0	A little slow
1	Slim. Beautiful.
1	Solid construction and great signal strength. Feels good to use.
1	Good Reception and solid.
1	Inexpensive, good reception, compact and light, nice looking, ringtones
0	only one recline position, seat belt sticks and doesn't seem sturdy
1	Too many see review
1	Easy, fun, inexpensive!
1	Ease of use, GUI, look, feel, weight, versatility, cost, Nokia reputation and quality
0	difficult to install, poor tech support
1	The Cadillac of strollers, can change which way baby faces, great wheels for comfortable ride
1	Reliable, inexpensive to print.
1	Great price, flatbed scanner, ease of setup and use.
0	terrible customer service, sneaky billing practices, refusal to refund false charges
0	noisy, blurry, leaky, slow
1	many features, can find it for reasonable price, great pix
1	Fast, inexpensive, good quality
0	It is missing some features, such as zoom.
0	Higher priced than other cameras with same features
1	very easy and affordable to use
1	Good picture quality , great features. Easy to use. Excellent optical zoom. Records video w/audio.
1	Gobs o' features, including speakerphone and voice dialing.  Super cool looks, great quality, easy navigation.
0	might be pricey for some individuals
1	Inexpensive
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
0	Only 2 Megapixel, Movies can only be taken for 15 seconds
0	big size
0	Quirks and bugs.  Quality degrades over time.  Speaker phone not the best.
0	no internal antenna, poor signal at times
1	Beautiful color screen, compact, voice activated calling
0	Rather large for carrying a long time.
1	Easy, quick &amp;amp; fast turn around!
1	water resistant/ fade resistant ink Really fast! Individual ink cartridges
0	A little expensive
0	Not very user friendly, not very durable.
0	none i have found
1	Rugged, fast, easy to use, and excellent pictures.
0	Odd address book, menus a bit deep, not enough letters for LCD in addressbook
1	Great look and value
0	confusing feature selections and confusing camera reactions
0	Volume button on side of phone can send caller to voice mail by accident.
0	product quality, customer service
1	Stylish, Small, Light, Great Reception, Convenient Caller ID Screen, Clear Calls
1	Power management is great.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with real web power.
0	print quality; paper jams; ink smears; paper feeds too much
0	settings, no case
0	No LCD.  Menus are less than clear.
1	Small size, ease of use, quality of photos with bright light
1	excellent pictures, sound recording, sturdy build, low light capabilities, USB connectivity
0	If your used to Nokia then this is very different.
1	Stylish, compact folding stroller
0	Some image quality problems, design problems, stigma of being a Casio
1	High quality and easy to use.
1	Shoot all day long, good resolution, good battery life
0	poor reception, the ugly big antenna that doesn't even help reception
1	Weight, Voice Notes, New Phone Book, Address Book, and JAVA!
1	Feature rich, 2.1 megapixel quality
0	shorter battery life than id like 
1	V.good print quality
1	Good software, price.
1	Compact, durable, inexpensive, easy to change faceplates and downloadable ring tones.
0	It hasn't the programmable features of costlier printers.
0	heavy - hard to push, won't stay folded, canopies useless,, seat weight restriction 
0	Needs protective sleeve! 
1	Light Weight, Durable, Easy to read display, 4 types of numbers stored per 99 entries.
0	Small internal memory
1	Easy to use, numerous easy to use features, changeable color plates
1	Great color and text.
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	easy to use, zoom lense, sony makes a good product.
1	Tiny "go anywhere" 2.1 megapixel camera with superb optics
1	Small, cheap - actually it's free with some providers.
1	Cheap, great size, not too big or small, durable!!
1	Clean print, easy to use, fits on my desk
0	No matte paper from Canon. Had a little trouble feeding wedding envelopes.
0	Does not have any.
1	Small Convenient Package
0	It gave poor results in the dark
1	flip phone, external display, large color screen
0	No more excuses for not running
1	Free after rebate, even for existing customers!
0	A little bulky and heavy for the casual user. No proper hand grip.
0	Other Than No Internet Access...I Cannot Find One!!!
0	A little large, but light weight even so
1	Good battery life
0	Price may be high for some.  Need to purchase carrying case.
1	Great pictures Cheap Price
0	price
0	Lack of caller ID features
1	Relatively Inexpensive to purchase
0	It broke after 1 month.  Blurred pics are common.
1	Affordable - Easy to use &#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	Archival ink, accurate color, very sharp prints, quiet, separate ink tanks. Well designed.
1	Speaker Phone, 2-way radio, text paging
0	Slow reaction. No polyphonic ring tone
1	Sturdy, easy to use, great features for dollar, most likely, the stroller you will grab and use
0	Fragile earpiece, too many features to list
0	Dial-back feature available only on the i1000plus
0	No optical zoom, low digital zoom, lens cap may not want to stay on.
0	Price.  Antenna.
1	digital camera, big screen, colorful
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	Great picture quality
0	none
0	soft focusing, LCD needed for everything
1	safety, folding convenience, sturdy feel
0	Address book and calendar layout, placement of web-button and typical phone camera.
0	Uses batteries very quickly, no manual focus, no zoom, delay after snapping.
0	often malfunctions, uses ink too fast, horrible customer service
1	Easy, light-weight, great pictures for little money.
1	Great picture quality, manual iso settings,does well in low light
0	slick exterior case
1	Great ease of use with the walk up fax and as a copy machine.Fast scanning.
1	Megapixels, video mode, infrared option, too many to list!
0	No missed calls list in menu; when in pocket ring tone settings are changed.
0	3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Media! Not a value-packed deal
0	Limited picture adjustment facilities, batteries take an age to charge and run out quickly
0	heavy - Battery drains quickly (if you use IS lens)
1	easy to steer, roomy seats
0	nothing
1	Hearty little printer with long life, printing a wide variety of media
1	Excellent battery life, unlimited storage
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
0	No carry case, and the need to buy a lens attachment before using extras.
1	Ease of use, resolution, color
1	Durable, Stylish, Clear Screen, Great Sound
1	Good all around light duty machine
0	Doesn't run all palm apps, speakerphone sound less than great.
1	Simplicity to operate
1	Affordability. Speed. Simplicity. Print quality. Quietness. Ink-replacement ease, affordability. Parallel-port/USB options.
0	Movie length, CF door feels flimsy
0	ink is costly
0	camera is crap in the dark.
1	uses floppy disk, easy to use
1	size, weight, build quality, sound quality
1	Cheap, friendly interface.
1	This camera is compact, easy to use,has very good photo quality, and is inexpensive!
0	No "Get It Now" feature; no internet access (so harder to get ring tones, etc)
0	keypad is well-designed but small, needs standard ringer
0	Low light pictures
1	Excellent print quality.  Great for photos.
0	it's just a shame that there's no radio included!!
1	3.5 floppy download convenience
0	menu screen is hard to read, , macro setting is virtually useless
0	No optical zoom
0	noisy, 
0	expensive replacement cartaridges
0	Battery life could be better, Verizon customizations suck and callers can be hard to hear.
0	you have to buy a battery charger and rechargeables
1	Nice looking phone
0	No non-digital zoom, lacks bells and whistles. Slow data X-fer and save.
0	size, ease of use, basket size, durability
1	Cool screen, vibrate function
0	Can I borrow $800, maybe I'll come up with more
1	Wonderful print and color quality.  Sometimes prints fast...see cons list
0	Slow......
1	Great Photo Prints
0	the accessories get a bit expensive
0	None
1	Does Everything a normal High Quality Camera can do..
1	Size
0	no low ink light, jams occasionally
0	PRICE!
0	Not Photo Quality
0	Still waiting for Siemens rebate after 12 months of excuses
0	Replacement part not available for sale.
1	Image Quality 
1	Durability, image quality, quiet operation, speed.
1	Sits 2 kids comfortably, easy to turn, narrow, tandem seating.
1	slim, lightweight, dependable, god sound clarity
0	Somewhat slow printing. (especially color) Ink seems to use up quickly. 
0	Some paper jams, computer freeze-ups, software takes a while to figure out.  Somewhat slow.
1	Small size, price, hot shoe, accessories, more!
0	speakerphone is somewhat useless
0	Uses XD which isn't readily available, zoom is in awkward place
1	high resolution;built in,rechargeable battery; easy to use
0	Fiddly menu system to weed through (as is true of all digital cameras).  Battery life.
0	screen can be easily scratched, antenna flimsy when fully extended
0	service
1	Cheap, cool ring tones
1	Very small and good print quality
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	easy to use
0	Irritating beep when camera takes a picture, no flash on camera.
1	looks cool, nice sound, and great LCD
1	Has everything I need in a phone and  more
0	retains cold! BRRRR....
1	Quality of prints, speed, price, ease of use
0	Funky Windows Software, small memory card, lens cap 
0	Big, flimsy output tray, no USB cable included
0	none
0	Bulky
1	Excellent Quality photos, and relatively easy to use.
1	Bluetooth, mp3 player, transflash, camera, motorola name
0	Hard to configure; high learning curve.
1	Great reception and wonderful display
0	only supports up to 8mb.
0	Poor Speakerphone Quality, Erratic functionality
0	Buggy operation. Never had a phone with a serious defect like this one.
1	small, light, new features, and very cool looking
0	Clumsy controls, minimal memory, eats battery when connected to PC, slow recharge, no optical zoom
0	No Color Screen.
0	8 MB included CF Card is too small
1	Reliable, quality printing
1	Lens, build quality, many features and beautiful pics 
1	looks great, voice dialing, voice notes
0	Some problems with network printing, Photo paper hard to find
1	USB, memory stick, zoom, movies
1	Half the price it used to be...Video/mp3/stills PLAYS MP3PROS!!!
1	Good digital sound quality and battery life
1	Size, feature set, 4.3 megapixel CCD
0	service
1	Good price, Good pictures, Nice Size.
0	Time between pictures taken.
0	Annoying preset buttons, wind noise in hands free earphones (sometimes), On/Off button position.
0	none that I have come across
1	easy to use, no hassle with loading film,can view pictures on your tv
0	No bundled connection kit adds $50 if you want to keep images
0	Does not come with a cable to connect to your computer
1	Small, sleek and effective.  Great battery life.
0	eats batteries, cumbersome menu, a few niggling concerns.
1	Easy to Use, Affordable, Great looking pictures
1	Very easy to use and seems to have pretty good clarity.
1	smooth ride, easy to open/close
1	great features
0	Slower than I would like
1	Simple quality images
1	Cheap!, fast, easy to find ink cartridges
0	do not try to refill cartridges
0	The case gets dirty rather easily
1	Very good build quality and feel. Relatively easy-to-use and robust.
0	Picture Quality, Customer Service.
1	decent printing
1	Pocket sized, easy to operate
0	moderate picture quality
0	9 Minutes to Print a Page
1	light weight + super slim = is it really in my pocket?
1	best digital camera for the money, fine quality
1	Magnificent detail of printing, reasonable price, many features
1	Easy to use, lightweight, portable, output to PC &amp; TV, more options
1	Smallest Digital Camera, Price, 2.1 Megapixel
0	Having to buy mouthly cards to charge it
0	everything about it!
0	A little slow but worth the wait. The paper is very expensive!
1	price, speed, quality of print
1	easy to use, easy to transfer pictures
1	Quite dependable, decent printing, good color.  A good all-around machine for home or office.
0	no zoom lens
1	Stylish, sturdy, light, good features.
1	Quick and quiet printing, colorful copies I'm proud to send my customers
0	Signal strength, sound, Samsung support, Battery life
1	Great quality photos, easy to use
1	Excellent Photo Quality printing, Roll paper ready
0	No keypad cover, battery life shorter than advertised.
0	Abysmal repair support
0	Not the greatest battery life.
1	size
1	Lots of Features, Dual LCD Display, Size, Styling, Tri-Mode, Voice Dialing
1	Easy to program, prepaid option
1	excellent print quality on a variety of paper types
0	Stupid lens cap and no battery life indicator until batteries are LOW.
1	Nice Design; Many Features; Good Price
0	unreadable screen in daylight. Clicks when in use.
1	Size,Durability, Looks, Technology
0	Slow and seems to use up black ink quickly.
1	nice looking and that is it!
1	Nice features set, support microdrive, user friendly
0	software bugs, bulky in pocket, buttons wear quickly
0	Battery Life Limited., Included Memory Limited. 
1	Everything you need rolled up into one device
1	True Multi-tasking marvel. Durable when dropped.  Good display visibility/clarity.  Compact & Convenient.  Keylock minimizes errors.
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at short range then drops off quickly.
1	quick, easy to use, dependable
1	lightweight, adjustable handle bar, durable fabric   
0	none yet
0	Loses battery power rather fast.
1	Cheap, easy to use, fair quality.
0	None
0	the basic kit does not come with a carry case
1	Sound,Memory card, Bluetooth
0	Odd shape for purchasing carrying accessories
1	Excellent picture printing quality, fast and quiet printer 9ppm/~8ppm color on economode, low cost and great bang for your buck, good ink economy, and same print engine as 950 and 970 series printer (for the most part)
1	Great price, small, most of the special features i like, large easily browseable phone book
0	NONE
1	Compact, point &amp; shoot easy, 3x optical zoom lens, USB, great photos.
0	Ink runs out fast at $12.95 a cartridge, need 4 cartridges each time
0	No Flash, Low Resolution, No Removable Memory.
0	could use more memory capacity
1	Color display, games, web-browser, everything else.
0	Rapid fading on certain papers if left unprotected.  Difficulties with paper loading.
0	crappy stock CF card, poor florecent light performance
1	pretty clear pictures and fun and easy software included.
0	not good for sports(blurry)
1	Constant Signal No Matter Where I Am
0	Hard to lift in the trunk.
0	A little slow printing high res color photos
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Compact and Easy to use
1	all around good phone
1	none
0	Heavy stroller
0	Bigger than "small" cell phones, uses Palm-style inverse backlighting
0	No lens cover
0	eats batteries fast
1	Good sound; small and easy to carry; good menu system
1	A great, cheap little printer.
1	Ease of use for all ages; suitable for home or office
0	No red eye reduction
0	battery life, lack of standard(free) features
1	Durable flip phone,stylish,loud ringtone, reasonable price
0	Never works right, slow, expensive ink cartridges
1	Reasonably priced, picture quality settings, self timer
1	Long battery life, light, easy to use, free after rebate.
0	Weak lens cover, small screen, drivers not available online.
0	Price, Also having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
0	manual on cd-rom
0	Key Guard must be used to prevent accidental calls
1	Very light, small, long battery life, lots of options
1	Several great features, good sound, good signal
1	Easy to carry, versatile, shot review/delete, 2.3 Megapixels
1	none
0	No travel charger - just docking station, bad memory management
1	good stroller for indoors, 2 lightweight children, no lifting of one child in and out
0	problems installing, defective
1	fast, easy, and fun
0	bulky, heavy, hard for short people to fold, wide
1	Pretty Basic Model - for novice
1	Easy to use. Great pictures. Instructions easy to follow.
1	price, small size, easy to use, easy to download. 
0	Hard to hold steady at 3 X zoom; red-eye reduction works poorly.
1	Nice color screen.  Extendable antenna.  Thought actual calls sounded better than LGs.
0	My trunk opening is narrow so getting it in the trunk is a hassle
1	Easy to use with good results
0	Bulkiness
1	Rechargeable Battery!  Never a storage problem!  Great Camera!
0	noise
1	Camera and video functions
1	Writes to CD-R media - Good range of resolutions to choose from
1	special rings for special numbers
1	Camera is simple to Use; Save Money, High quality photos; instant photos; view pics on TV, PC, or Camera instantly
0	8mb sd card. Definitely buy 64 or 128mb SD card. 
1	Great Manual features, clear pictures, good battery life
0	Read the article for the cons of this camera.
0	None
1	small. Big buttons. Bright screen. 500 name address book. Internet ready. GPS emergency location feature.
1	Compact design. Simple &amp;#147;Scene Mode&amp;#148; operation.  One button photo upload.
0	(Minor) Won't download USB direct with Windows 95 - takes 98 or above.  Can hear the auto focus, auto aperture during movies with low background noise.
1	Looks nice, works well for a while.
0	Eats ink cartridges!!!!Bad paper feed.
0	everything else
0	Not too great detail, not too durable.
1	Color quality
1	Ease of use, great photos
1	Great features
0	Low volume in loud places, small buttons
1	Lightweight, Relatively small, Good reception
1	Nice Screen, good reception, good features
0	Minor things like cheap antenna, average battery life, confusing menu setup and an occasional echo.
1	I enjoy printing out copies using this printer!
0	some CDMA echo issues. Gimmicky features aren't that great.
0	no power switch! bad paper tray setup
1	Easy to use
1	2.1 megapixels, long 6x zoom, macro setting, adjustable resolution, small, lightweight
0	Very poor glossy photo printing, clumsy-looking
1	Fast print speed.  High resolution.  Excellent warm tone rendition - low dither.
1	priced for value
1	Low price, flexible connectivity, good paper handling options, high DPI
1	build quality, size, voice dialing
0	NONE
0	A little bit noisey
0	microphone not too good
0	The FA-LA-LA outside display disco light show when the phone rings for incoming calls. UGH!!!
0	Battery Life, Ringer volume too low
0	Breaks down more often than an &quot;88 hyundai
1	High resolution, low price
0	No way to save downloaded ringtones to the SIM card, no normal ringtones
0	Accessories hard to find and still somewhat expensive.
0	annoying junk messages,scratches easy
1	Space saver, high quality printing
0	Hard to maneuver
1	Takes great shots, comes with 16MB card, lots of features and cool software.
1	Fast.  Photo quality.  Looks cool, too.
0	Noise, lowered quality over time.
0	I want to touch it all the time.
1	Overall image quality
1	A sharp camera with a lot of functionality.
1	Excellent reception, Intuitive menu, speaker phone, excellent voice dial feature.
1	Outstanding product
0	NONE since the upgrade
1	good size, easy to use
1	Very simple to use, nice small size.
1	Easy to use, good size and weight, and much more
1	great pictures, easy to manage
0	Amongst others, the complexity and headaches encountered through selectivity of multi-NAM applications.
0	poor low light pictures
0	not so quite cheaply,
0	Cheaply made.
1	very cheap, light, small
1	Inexpensive, 6 color printing
0	A LITTLE SLOW ON COLOR COPIES
1	Great unit. Individual ink cartridges and nice prints. 
1	Light, small, easy to read display, tons of features
0	itap sucks, outside display is tiny, battery life is mediocre.
0	Performance in Cold Weather, Menu, Storage
0	Batteries dont last long
0	batteries dont last long
0	No speakerphone, but i would never use it. No flash, but that's a battery killer.
1	Great soft ware!
0	Not quite perfect photo quality
0	Paper input jams frequently, lawsuit pending
0	Small buttons, slightly cheap feel, display and buttons hard to read without backlight
0	First few batches shipped with bad software
0	not excellent quality, some speed problems
0	NO OPTICAL ZOOM, No carrying case, no folder browsing for images or mp3's
1	Great color, 8x10 px, 2.11MP, FAST recycle, Tiny Jewel!
1	blue backlight and multiparty
0	Shutter release delay can be frustrating.
0	No lens cap leash
1	Great deal for the money!
0	ink price
1	large screen, battery life, sliding cover, calendar, calculator. curved shape fits your hip.
0	comes with a small memory stick (16 MB), needs a stronger zoom
1	Rugged. Dependable. Forgiving!
1	withstands much abuse, good reception, stylish model
1	NONE
1	A good solid stroller that your baby will be safe and comfortable in
0	Battery life, easy to scratch/chip, small/lightweight.
1	Many program modes, movie and animation capabilities
0	Viewfinder.
0	can't hear callers after only 7 months!, poor battery life, sluggish
0	slow photo processing
0	Takes up a large area on desktop
0	Features, user friendliness
1	Great color screen, and speaker phone.
1	Sprint Service
1	direct-connect feature, address book.
1	Very durable, great add-ons
1	Dual cartridge printer, can use a photo cartridge.
0	not a flip phone, could withstand more of a beating, try a motorola?
1	text messaging, screen savers, inexpensive, durable, the perfect size.
1	Inexpensive and reliable.
1	QUALITY AND PRICE
1	Lighter-weight
0	No LCD, 3 buttons pushed to get past flash, low resolution, no tele lens.
0	Only 8Mb Memory Stick, memory stick can be expensive, short battery life, no remote control
1	Great Colour Screen
0	A few buttons are not well-lit, No SMS Text messaging
1	Small sleek physique, easy to use menu, cool blue screen,(alarm clock,tip calculator, games)
0	Slow response time, slight over-exposure, no charger or power adapter included.
0	1 MB Memory, Camera 320 x 240, Small Keypad
0	Toners are expensive (aren't they all, though?)
1	It was free
0	Battery life, green light in viewfinder annoying
0	Scene selector dial rotates accidentally.
0	careful when cleaning and using dust cover
0	Bulky, Fast Battery
1	Inexpensive, sturdy
1	customer service
0	Turns itself on, low picture quality
1	long life, ink cartridges last long
1	Easy-To-Use, Many Features, Many Options, Rechargeable Longer-Lasting Batteries
1	Great battery life, loaded with features
0	The price:  $999,  Also, it comes with PhotoDeluxe, not PhotoShop.
0	Slower than average speeds, and the ink will cost you more than the competition.
1	easy to use, small, great software
1	Cute, cute, CUTE stroller with no ugly plastic wheels!  
1	Ease of use, many features
1	Easy to use
0	Not many accessaries available, dependant on services provided by wireless service, attractive to theives.
1	Light, folds up small!
1	cheep 
0	Noisy, Non-Removable power cable
1	Ease of use, great quality, fairly large memory card. 
1	Amazing image quality for the price; easiest digicam I've ever used.
0	No hard copy of the instruction manual included with camera.
0	scanner only feeds not a flat scanner
1	Fast transfer to pc with USB included.
0	Drum Unit Assembly
0	no basket, lever to collapse stroller hard to use if you are wearing bulky shoes
0	Product is not available on line
1	Takes Great Photos.  Zoom feature is super easy to use.
0	BAD BAD BAD (did I mention bad?) reception
0	Battery Hog.  Slight pause before picture is actually taken.  Can't attach a telescopic lens.
0	Flip-style is a bit more complicated than necessary?
1	weight, movability
1	price, quality of printing
1	size!!!, easy to use, battery life
1	Easy to Use.  Lightweight.  Tough shell.  Optical Zoom.
0	Limited speed dial feature, no camera, no speaker phone.
1	high resolution, ease of use
0	Software sucks
1	The 2003 version has all the bells and whistles with one major exception.
0	Flimsy Antenna
1	Excellent picture quality, fast zoom lens, remote control.
0	Lack of features found on other phones, battery life dwindles after a while.
0	Short Battery Life; Slow Download
1	This camera holds lots of pictures and is good quality.
1	Easy to use and takes good quality pictures
1	Speed!!!. Durabrite Inks. Separate ink tanks.
0	Lack of Optical Zoom (it's a pricey feature)
1	4MP, movie mode, excellent battery life
1	None that I can think of, well it is fairly small
1	Just use a floppy disk
0	can't find any yet!
0	no calculator, no games
1	great,clear reception
1	Warranty-2 years
1	You will think you are producing photos
1	Quality Printer with the HP Quality Name
1	Excellent image quality and great low light performance
0	Pics can sometimes be a bit yellowish
0	No support for anything but windows 9x
1	Excellent phone. Wonderful features
0	Slow, even on normal print jobs.
1	True SLR, exceptional features,two types of storage media
0	Just a couple of minor flaws
1	Low up front cost
0	Original software hectically buggy
0	Nothing yet
0	Battery life, lcd screen
0	No zoom, parts of camera are easily breakable
1	quick and good color
1	A very inexpensive, professional camera
1	Durable, easy to find
1	clear, sharp text and deep, rich color
0	color can come out badly even with 1/2 of a cartridge left
0	Doesn't come with a carrying case
0	W2K drivers not on the CD
1	easy to use
1	6-in-1 card reader, copy or print photos without computer, overall good quality
0	Camera layout is bad
0	random paper jams 
0	no flash, only stores 8 pictures at a time
1	Price,  Rugged, Reliable, Peace of Mind
0	None
1	great looking, good reception, tons of options to choose from.
1	super sleek, intuitive, quality build, clear display, many useful features.
0	No face protection, have to manually set clock and date, weird email setup.
0	No Windows XP support; No GPRS upgrade; No USB connection; No vibrate function
1	Easy to use, solid construction, good quality pix, fun to use
1	It's cheap.
0	Signal strength might be a little weaker than some, no belt clip with phone.
0	Disconnects automatically, resets display background and ring tones automatically.
1	Great battery life, good reception, excelent speakerphone, IT S A NOKIA!!!!
1	High Quality color printing
1	Lightweight, attractive silver flip-style, durable, simple.
1	User friendly camera with excellent daytime photo quality.
0	Functionality / Service / Up-to-date capabilities
1	stable, smooth, many nice features
0	Don't buy this camera if you have XP or windows 2000.
1	Inexpensive, small form factor / footprint, relatively simple paper feed
0	leg rest extensions tend to collapse in the middle
1	manual mode is very powerful
1	Inexpensive, userfriendly software, comes with good software for categorizing pics.
0	The price tag of $200 to $249.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	form factor, weight, dimensions, large screen, great battery, good bluetooth
1	Features, compact size
1	inexpensive, compact, and looks cool
0	Backlight goes out a little too quickly .
0	Complicated for Beginners..
1	cheaper ink refills made by Amazon, easy to use, inexpensive overall cost
1	Nice size, can change colors, antenna, and key pad lights
0	Extremely fragile screen display is easily cracked -- phone becomes ruined.
1	Value for money, compact
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
1	Quality
1	Great optics, affordable, full featured, easy to use
0	Little Pricey, Storage
0	Battery life isn't great and the memory card is not large enough
1	Sleek, small, durable
1	Awesome color display, stable Palm system, easy to use.  Reminds me of my old StarTac.
1	color and contrast is amazing, Light weight like all motorolas, simple to use
1	Easy to install, use, reasonable quality
1	Absolutely nothing
1	easy to install, simple to configure, joy to use 
1	12 Pages/Min (B&amp;W), 5 Pages/min (colour), quiet, economical, easy to install
0	No information LCD on the top, instruction manual on a CD, No rechargeable batteries/charger included.
1	Inexpensive, Good Black and White Print Quality, Ok Color Printing Quality
1	Beautiful screen, nice size and weight.
1	Smallest 10x optical zoom, USB link, outstanding quality
1	Amazing quality
1	Easy to use. The functions were simple to figure out.
0	NONE!
0	No cable, problems with VIATech chipsets.
0	Antenna (no biggie), no ring+vibracall, no calender (PDA)
0	Phone appears to have a built in obsolesence. Malfunctions after one year.
0	The Color Choice
1	Hardy, multifunctional, good quality.
1	small size, easy to use for a amatuer
0	Eats batteries like an aardvark eats ants
0	BIG
0	Software
0	Slow recharge of flash. Problems with auto-focus.
1	tiny, changeable covers, animated menus, voice dialing, infared
0	Lacking in reliability. Slow.
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Big color display, flip phone
1	very easy to use
0	Uses up the batteries quickly
1	Awsome Photo Quality 
1	small, sleek, excellent picture and color quality, inexpensive
0	You can't change the face plates
0	no zoom
1	Inexpensive
1	Feature rich phone, ease of use,good screen size, and what a price!
1	3 games, call log, phone book, email, clock, 30 different ring tones
0	battery recharge time
1	Robust, very easy to use, good overall quality. Use of floppies is cheap and easy.
0	Flimsy build quality. Ink not water resistant. Need to switch cartridges often.
0	Not a good selection of display settings
0	Lacks a Few Nice Features The  360L has
0	Sometimes causes computer lag before it starts printing
1	great pictures, small size
0	As with all digitals, use of the LCD kills batteries
0	More features than I will likely use
1	Good quality black and white.
0	still a little slow to print color, uses toner quickly
0	scanning software
0	Max 8.5" paper width, high price if you don't use all the features
1	Great reception! Quite durable, aside from water.Changeable covers and easy to use.
0	Black and white display; speakerphone is hard to hear
1	Has Features of Cameras Double the Price, EXCELLENT Value!
0	At times awkward, due to size
0	Single Band
1	It's an all in one.
0	Small LCD screen. 
0	Having to store and print pictures.
1	Cheap, good pictures, borderless printing
0	The camera absolutely sucks
1	Easy to fold/unfold.  Appropriate for newborn infants to toddlers.  Stylish.  Roomy. High Quality
1	It is fast and accurate.
1	good quality, copier(color+B&amp;W)/scanner/printer
1	Small and lightweight
1	Compact design, easy to use, great picture quality
0	none
1	Sturdy, reliable; easy to learn.
0	Terribly complex interface, poor battery life, fragile antenna
1	VERY COMPACT, GOOD QUALITY PICTURE, BATTERY LASTS FOR MANNY SHOTS
1	Cost, Functionality, Power and Features
0	I'll let you know....
1	*Fast *Cheap *Works with Windows/Mac/Linux *Small footprint *Good print quality
1	Comfortable, stylish, folds easily, huge storage
0	Too large and heavy for travel
1	The stand up feature
0	The screen is not as visible as I'd like in sunlightShort battery life
1	Great quality photos, relatively quiet, fast
1	Size and Weight&#13;&#10;Features, and NO ANTENNA!
0	SLOW serial connection, small 8mb memory card
0	Deadly support philosophy ruins product experience.
0	Lack of optical zoom; battery compartment
0	Nokia's poor CDMA implementation, no WAP, had to have phone replaced
1	Lightweight. Inexpensive. Straightforward. Excellent on the basics. Not necessarily for "power users." Euro-compatible.
0	Putting the 4X6 tab in the right way
0	Battery life, holster
1	Good image quality for well-lit areas, easy, simple operation
0	Slow warm up.  Smears when printing on high gloss paper
0	a little heavy &amp;amp; need 2 hands to steer
1	Hmm.  None that come to mind.
0	Low optical zoom; flimsy feel; poor LCD; unreliable; poor viewfinder
1	Price, 10X zoom, manual settings, great battery life, compact size, 
1	two cartridge used at once
1	Personalized Ringtones, Battery life, Durable.
1	crystal clear pictures
0	Easy to lose because of its small size!
0	slow recycle time
1	comes with 16MB card, autofocus, only uses 2 batteries, price
1	Very simple, good quality, and great value.
0	No Optical Viewfinder
1	FAST,CLEAR
0	Picture quality
1	none
0	Photo Quality Not Good, Battery Life Easily Drained
0	Obsolete?
1	Ease of use, standard recording medium, macro and telephoto lens, video.
0	No direct-connect headset port, dim outter display
0	slow, prone to mechanical problems.
1	Easy to use, multi functional
0	Bulky (Particularly with a High-Capacity Battery)
1	Relatively small form factor for the class.  Very comprehensive features.
0	printing photos, customer service
0	A bit large compared to many new phones, and needs a way to synch phone numbers with an external device.
1	Price, Graphic Quality, Battery Life, Interchangeable Storage Card, LCD Controls, Look and Feel
0	drivers, control panel, crooked printing
0	Nightmare, problem after problem,off alignment.etc
1	Price for the initial Printer, Print Quality.
1	Good digital pictures that are easy to download through a USB connection.
0	Shorter seat &amp;amp; canopy than regular umbrella strollers
0	The camera can use a litter better resolution
0	No possibility of custom faceplate options & limited accessories.
0	None
0	Battery Life, Camera
1	One hand foldability, pneumatic tires, useable with infant seats to 50lb children, adjustable handle.
0	none that I know of.
1	quick and well done printing
0	need larger paper tray and better driver to set your own defaults 
0	gets warm during use, terrible keys, no extra ringtones
0	Breaks down fast, unattractive bulky design, noisy
1	Great camera, great price!
1	digita scripting, very easy to use interface
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
1	Nothing good to say.  Product was of no use and returned.
0	It doesn't have voice command and the reception is just fair.
1	4-machines-in-1 - for a dirt cheap price.
1	Quality, Style, Features and ease of Use
1	Many different options
1	Great Pictures
0	poor craftsmanship, jams a lot, sheet-fed scanner limits amount/type of items you can scan
1	Easy to use, good photos, USB, 3x Optical zoom, excellent value
0	Optical viewfinder, magenta cast in Auto mode.
1	sony mavica's the best product for the money
1	Still looking for some.
0	Canon printer dependability is not as good as HP or Epson, may be the most expensive portable printer out there, scanner addition only so-so
1	Very low price, good quality color, fast and quiet operation
1	Great quality,low cost,fast printing
0	Short battery life, but Samsung gives you an extended battery free
0	Zoom causes fuzzy images. Date and Time gone when batteries gone.
0	Must Use Kodak Brand Batteries
1	Cant think of one
1	High quality pictures, easy to use
1	Easy to use, reliant
0	External silence button that silences phone sometimes, less than desireable ringer/vibrate options.
1	4 in 1, Cheap, Reliable, User Friendly, Easy to use, 
1	cheap, simple to use, fast picture download
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, reliable.
1	Look, fun to use, easy to learn, okay quality pictures
0	The software drivers are frustrating, only comes with 8mb of memory.
1	It is small and compact. It is easy to use.
0	Poor phone/PDA integration
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	Budget digi cam with good quality for it's resolution 
1	Extravagant range of possible settings, yet can be used as a point-and-shoot
0	Eats batteries. No zoom
0	Number pad takes some getting used to, would be nice to have a standard ringtone.
0	Limited (and very bad) ring tones, too much money for this phone
1	Extremely high quality construction/high resolution/attractive
1	Good menu selection and features
1	Great sound quality, awesome features
1	good photo quality printing
0	None
1	Good cell phone
0	Poor, uneven, print quality.
1	Outstanding Quality
0	Slippy.Does Sprint really need to print on the phone "Ultra Slim Mobile Phone" ?
0	No-frills; slim shape might take getting used to
0	Short battery life, weak vibrating alert
1	Cheap, Great photos when works
0	only a 4mb memory stick included
1	Tiny, great sound (ringing, talking, music), Nokia reliability, easy to use & customize, flight mode
0	Cheap
1	More multi-capability than most in price range, standalones, easy setup, good resolution. XP compatible.
1	loud speakerphone, customizable features, user friendly, looks good.
1	Good images, convenient
0	No wireless web/WAP
1	CLICK BUTTON WORKS! 
1	Small, fits in pocket
0	Terrible picture quality, menus are tough to navigate, software lacks
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
0	loves to eat batteries for breakfast... 
1	Easy to use, cheap, flash, decent image quality
1	Ive listed the pros in my review
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
0	Slower awkward settings than other FUJI's
1	Xerox name; low-cost, reasonably fast
0	Photo quality and battery life is something to be desired
1	Just plain COOL
0	speaker phone is trash, weak signal, battery life horrible, and software very buggy
0	Have to use special paper to achieve 1440 x 720 dpi
1	Uses a disk, no printer cable needed
1	HP dependability, quality output.
0	None yet
1	picture quality, ease of use, great software
1	Nice color screen, cheap, good for basic use
0	Poor high gloss photo support, poor borderless prints support &amp; no smoothing mechanism for photos.
0	no zoom, slight delay after taking pic, should have lithium batteries for best life
0	Battery Power, Lack of Compression Choice/New Features, and 2.6 Megapixels.
1	 love the color accuracy
1	Wonderful photos, delete what you don't like, easy
0	Distance shots, large and bulky.
0	The flash doesn't work very well at a distance.
0	Horrible build quality and charging problems
1	a attractive solid easy to use compact fully spec'd out phone
0	Big for a phone
0	Low battery life, not too many features
1	ITS A NOKIA
1	Lightweight, very clear voice quality, decent feature set.
1	great value for the price
0	runs out of ink quickly depending on how much ink you actually push.  There are better printers for this catagory
0	Just one
1	Small and portable. Good Pic quality. Durable.
0	AA batteries run out too quickly, HP doesn't provide everything
0	Skimpy 8MB CF card, shortish battery life when using LCD viewfinder
1	Good memory function, snake, good call clarity, price
1	Price and accessories
1	Great camera for the price- I'm thrilled with it.
1	Solid phone.  Easy, fun, not too expensive.
0	Doesn't work
0	Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
0	None
0	Cannot download saved names
1	Beautiful print quality, inexpensive printer
0	You can't actually use it to make a phone call
1	NONE!!!
1	Easy to take photo's with. Good quality photo's for the price.
0	sometimes inconsistent signal strength
0	not full frame yet, dust, quite heavy
1	great picture quality, excellent video w/sound, good battery life, durable
0	Screen is hard to see in the sun. Definitely need to buy a memory card.
1	Low Cost, High Resolution, User Friendly
0	Terrible reception, drops calls easily.
1	Nice round shape with rubber grips, blue lights
0	I would not recommend to buy this mobile.
1	Pretty camera! Takes great pictures! Many features but still easy to use!
1	Quality, Battery Lifetime
0	Smile is very low-end, not for the serious digital photo lover.
1	Good phone when it not broken.
0	Delete function , photo quality not great
0	short battery life, forced to recharge often
1	Pictures require no color correction, looks and feels like an SLR, easy to use
0	No calculator. That is the only thing I miss from more expensive phones I've used.
1	Small size, relatively easy functions
1	It will handle most small office needs
1	Looks, Weight, Durability.
1	Reasonable price, zoom capabilities
1	Not bad for a cheap inkjet
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you know what that is)
0	Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped working in less than a year, big and bulky
0	Signal not always great.  Not in color, like many newer phones.
1	small camera with excellent picture
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	Good Pic Quality, Easy to use especially if you already own a Canon, 
1	Small, light weight, interchangeable faceplates, great Qualcomm quality!
1	Most Compact &amp; Lightweight 3X optical I have seen, long battery life,audio annotation, easy navigation
1	Nice Pictures, Small, Easy to Use
1	Small and easily transportable., Good for emailing pictures., Can take 53 pictures a session.
1	Tiny, powerful features
1	Small, inexpensive, has flash, good picture quality for under $100.
0	have not found any yet. 
0	FRAGILE DESIGN, manual flip up flash, no manual settings
1	Cheap and stylish. Requires minimal assembly. Good image quality on prints, scans, and copies.
1	Picture Quality and Size, Memory,  Screen, Small Size, Coolness
1	quality text, cheap
0	Very slow and loud.  poor picture quality. And worst of all... VERY POOR customer service.
1	size, ease of use, optical zoom, quality of photos
0	No Vibe option, belt clip has tendency to put phone in awkard angles and places.
1	Cheap price, easy to install, cartridges are easy to change
0	horrible battery life, features, functionality, range, clarity and it's not user friendly
1	Easy to take pictures, CompactFlash memory cards make it simple to move pics to PCs
1	Nice design, great value.
0	Digital view finder can not display images in low light.
0	Nothing but trouble!!!
0	Difficult to setup, short battery life, unreliable in electronic hardware
1	Lightweight, Bright LCD lighting, Games
1	Good quality, Good Price
0	Removable Lens Cap, Lack of software
0	Very fragile, horrible reception, battery life is a joke, LG accessories don't last
0	No zoom
1	High Quality OPTICAL 3X Zoom, Superb Image Quality, Very Kind on Batteries
1	Extremely durable (Washing machine safe apparently)
1	Great picture...easy to use
0	The web browser, placing a call, Please read for more
1	Very Cheap and easy to find at stores.  Does it all.
0	everything else is better
0	Battery Life
1	Excellent print quality; easily set up.
0	Not really compatible for underwater use
1	Good price on a personal laser printer. Crisp printing. 
0	It whines.
0	None
1	Inexpensive, fast printing
0	lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
0	small screen for mobile web
0	Battery wear, very SLOW uploading to PC
0	Old design, no camera, not offered by Cingular anymore
1	A lot of features for the price.
0	lens design flaw
1	Cheap, Reliable Brand, does the simple jobs
0	You'll enjoy the camera so much you'll spend all your money on floppies!
1	Instant access to pictures, ease of use, editing on computer
0	Display unfavorable message when using non-Sony CD's.
0	Only 1.3 Mega-pixels, better bundled with key accessories
0	too small, hard to navigate compared to other phones, screen hard to read, low rings
1	A versatile, reliable, and durable stroller with great style
0	battery falls out when dropped, downloads cost$$ and expire
1	This printer is a great starter printer.
0	Not the easiest way to transfer pix from camera to computer.
0	Poor picture quality
1	one-hand folding / light weight / versatile wheels / 2 trays
0	no rechargeable batteries and 16MB card
0	It doesn't perform like a southern link radio!
1	Optical quality, size, software, Picture quality
1	(applicable from CDM 8600) Small form factor, easy to use
1	Great image quality, wide range of options, easy to use.
0	Abysmal service, unintuitive interface, short battery life, random errors, etc.
1	Very fast and ink efficient, Decently priced, Great photo quality 
0	Not easy to hold while talking. Poor Battery life.
0	NEC Support sucks
0	Size
1	Great phone. Good PDA. Nice sizing.  Flip style.  Durable. Battery life OK.
1	WOW-factor, Slim and lightweight design, full of features, reception, ability to upload multimedia
1	Color, polyphonic ringtones, downloadable applications.
0	Can't think of any.
0	Expensive, some folks may find software confusing
1	Small and lightweight, and still durable.
1	Fast, cheaper ink than HP
1	Incredibly solid build. Easy interface. Good features for price.
1	Fit for professional uses
0	none
0	prefer a covered keypad.
0	Spotty Bluetooth performance with latest firmware, limited software library
1	Easy to use!!!
0	No auto-focus, no zoom, only 3 focus settings, sucks up batteries.
1	Low Cost, Compatible with Windows XP
1	Worked OK for about 4 months of light use.
1	Lightweight, clear sound, trimode, lots of features.
1	Great reception, compact, intuitive, all the Nokia features we know & love.
1	All in one unit.
1	Cheap, good enough, QT movie capable, good flash, easy to use, good transfer speed
0	Heavy, big
1	It does everything, very easy to use.
0	Poor battery life,5hrs.tops,unable to make calls, poor service very vague on progress
1	Great resolution
1	Easy to setup
0	Too fast (paper jams), Price.
0	None so far!
1	Compact, decent buttons, infrared capabilities
1	using floppy disk, long life battery really is long life, simple to use
1	Light and Sleek, built in camera, color and a world wide phone!
0	resolution, loading time, battery life
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
0	Reception, speaker volume, battery life
1	light weight, easy to use
1	compact and easy to use
1	Affordable Laser Printing
1	Light weight, good software.
1	Size. That's about it.
0	Basic, Ugly, uncomfortable , no color screen
0	Poor sound quality, not durable, features not that easy to use.
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	Inexpensive, fast, great prints
1	Fun while it lasts, until you drop it too many times
1	None
0	Software drivers are poorly coded.  Causes problems in printing and alignment.
0	No simple ring tones; can't turn wallpaper off; battery life nowhere near what they claim.
1	Picture quality, ergonomics, construction, controls, two media formats
0	unprotected display, keys too small, dust under display
1	Battery life, easy to use, great sound, LOUD RINGER
0	Quality of long range shots is not great.
0	You may have to wait for the arrival
0	More of an all-around printer than a dedicated photo printer
1	Price! Lightweight, decent battery life.
0	The 3390 aren&#146;t quite as sleek or as energy efficient as the step-up 8290
1	good output quality
0	Noisy.  Won't take heavy card stock.
0	Speaker needs more volume, volume controls poorly placed.
0	less pixels than other models, so less picture quality when printed out
1	Great features, tri-mode capability, dependable.
0	slow,unreliable,high maintenance
1	Easy to set up, easy to use
1	Can be picked up cheap. High  quality to last you a couple more years. 
1	The price is dropping and firmware upgrades are happening.
1	Great battery life, awesome games, compact, and durable.&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;
1	small size, light weight, easy to use, shoots short movie clips, lcd screen, rechargeable battery
0	kind of expensive
0	cost of accessories, learning curve
1	Size, Color, Outer LCD, voice dial, Phonebook, Reception, service plans!
0	Talk/Standby time less than optimal
1	Moderate speed, good print quality, hibernation feature
1	Excellent print quality, good speed, easy to set up
1	many features, great quality
0	Ink hog, memory hog, a little noisy
1	Light, small, keys covered, many options.
0	 Prints slowly and uses a lot of ink.
1	Excellent Pictures, No Film
1	Great price and features
1	So easy to use it's scary
1	Compatible with Apple's USB Printer Sharing, inexpensive
1	Cute Appearance, Cool Ringers, Excellent Color Display, External Caller ID, etc..
1	Good battery life, price, overall good performance.
0	Price
0	Slow, EXPENSIVE ink
0	Optical viewfinder is not worth using
0	Serial interface
0	paper feed problems
1	dont need to turn on your PC for common tasks. excellent photo quality output
1	Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics and packed with goodies...
1	features, features, features, great support,software
0	SLOOOW, toggle stick is squirrelly, feels cheap, etc
1	Inexpensive, adequate pictures for casual use, rugged, relatively easy to use, good manual
0	not reliable
1	Lots of features, small
0	Not durable, poor picture quality, poor flash.
0	Not able to password lock phone.
0	print alignment problems. slow.  unrepairable. awkward design. little control in panel. failed after 6 months.
0	Muffled tones (may be just mine), no proven track record.
0	Poor build quality, reception, battery life, iTap
1	Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
1	nice print quality
1	Good price and aesthetically pleasing
1	easy install and cheeeeeep
0	Weak flash
0	Power adapter overly expensive
0	No optical zoom
0	No Case, Wish the batteries didn't burn so quick!
0	Flip style phone requires 2 hands to answer / dial; limited battery life
0	a bit power hungry, battery drains fast.  navigation button could use a little tweeking.
1	great picture quality, sound on movie settings, reasonable price, easy to use, great zoom
1	Picture Quality
0	Incredibly expensive.
1	Quiet and fast, Quality incredible, User friendly
1	durability and reliability
1	Great print quality, inexpensive to buy, inexpensive ink.
1	Very small and light weight
0	Does not work, expensive to run, impossible to repair.
1	light, beautiful
1	Amazing image quality, Fast print speeds, 
1	Good pictures, ease of use, ease of development, e-mail, quality
0	NONE
1	SOLID AS A ROCK, DROPPED OVER 30 TIMES, STILL WORKS PERFECTLY
0	Battery cover seems rather loose
1	Stunning picture quality. Ease of use. Price.
1	Ultra slim, sturdy, voice dialing, large phonebook, calendar
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	easily lost its so small
0	Low resolution for price.
1	Cost, compact
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	charger stand, manual, navigation buttons,
0	Aging when compared to newer models.
0	Signal Strength
0	Fragile antenna
0	Case, sold seprately but is still to small for the size of the camera. 
0	Doesn't last long; Instable battery life.
0	Bluetooth is dismal, unit is quirky, requires regular rebooting, lacking in usability.
1	Great pictures, lots of features, price
0	Small buttons, big thumbs.
1	great for people with time on their hands.
1	Can keep in pocket.  Takes great pictures.
1	Cheap, still works regardless of my abuses
0	Not a consumer phone - confusing to program - best for a power user.
0	None
0	Slow zoom, Autofocus not as quick as some other digitals
1	8cm CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
1	Nice Picture Quality, Easy to use software, Easy Operation
0	After one paper jam things got very, very bad
0	Relatively weak built-in flash, carrying case not included
0	As technology has improved, this is now a middle of the road camera.
1	Quality prints, Ink life, fast 
1	Solid printing, fast, quiet, long cartridge life
0	No zoom
0	Difficult to close with basket attached. Not very good in securing child. 
1	compactness, ease of use, battery life
1	VERY low price
1	Great for beginners!
1	It's a cute little phone to fold up and carry around
0	build quality, external display bug
0	short battery life, comes with no games, cant talk and charge battery
1	Easy to install.  Many nice features
0	Battery, Data transfer
1	Sturdy Housing, Very Versatile, Uses SmartMedia cards, Great Value!
0	Buggy firmware.
0	higher price
1	This phone will only cost you a penny!
1	Ease of use, price,
1	None
1	external LCD screen,199 phone book space
0	A bit large, does feel "cheap", extra features don't work well.
1	Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
0	JUNK, Pricey Cartridges, Exit Tray too short (paper tends to land on floor).
0	Takes a while to learn, smallish screen, slow operation
0	Time consuming menu, plain looking, no extended battery
0	Max picture size = 640 x 480
1	Inexpensive Color Printer
1	can use as a travel system, easy to steer
1	cheap camera
0	The side keys are a bit too sensitive and it is a bit bulky.
1	Compact, Full of features, Great image quality, Easy to transfer files, Long-life battery, MemoryStick compatibility, Sony Quality
1	everything and then some
1	Storage Space,  Resolution
0	Old battery so short life, Beat up phone
1	Low price.  Solid product.
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Signal, Battery Life
1	Great for photos, easy to use
0	GREAT PHONE LIST...
0	The picture does not always take properly when holding down the button.
0	TOO thin & battery cover pops off when dropped. Using wired headset requires adapter.
1	Easy to understand interface and nice icons. Lots of functions not found on all cameras
0	Memory card supplied is too small
1	looks
0	mechanisms stick after awhile
0	NONE!
1	style, interface
1	Excellent picture quality, camera is light and compact
0	N/A
0	Expensive Ink, kinda noisey for an inkjet.
1	Really Great Looking Pictures. Good Price. 
0	Very poor reception (especially compared to v60c/v60i); poor battery life
1	Very Stylish, lightwieght, and compact.
0	As with all digital cam's...eats batteries.
1	speed, quality
1	Wonderful storage in cd!
1	Great clarity, vivid color, many options
0	Has an annoying arial!
1	Good print quality, speed, original cost
0	Size, Kinda clunky looking,Weak signal at times
1	Advanced technology, very well-designed and reliable. Feature-packed.
1	Size
1	Graphics are about the only thing that's good
1	Handy Size, reasonably logic functions
0	poor display, poor pictures of movement, small memory card
1	great price, good printing quality
0	Needs a Four-Directional Pad, No Rechargeable Batteries or Camera Case, Lacks Non-Lossy Image Compression
0	not a great vibrate function
0	-bad red eye removal, -buttons too hard to press
1	affordable beginner solution
1	Looks
1	The best picture print quality ever!!!!!, average priced ink cartriges, great software and utilities
1	Very versatile
0	Slow in hi-res color, expensive (but worth it!)
1	High-quality, full motion MPEG recording, multiple photo pixel selections, super-strong rechargeable battery
0	no bluetooth/infrared no games, weak battery
1	2400x1200!!  Feature packed
1	Tons of functions, small, strong vibrate function
0	Very Large for a Desktop unit
0	horrible reception, weird audio problems, expensive.
1	Great picture quality; very versatile for the money
0	don't know of any
0	Hard to get focus in low light
0	Plastic feel, not really clear
1	Great features, reception, reliability
1	Durability, good camera
0	Uses only Sony's MemorySticks for it's memory, only comes w/ 16megs memory.
1	great photos. zoom. easy use.
1	Construction, stability, size, appearance, versatility
1	Pretty easy to use, overall good-quality pictures.
1	Small and lightweight, easy to use, very stylish, external LCD display
0	The strap is difficult to attach
0	bad repair experience, LEMON, short battery life, lens cap falls off, REDS hot.
1	Great quality printer that comes complete with all manufactures supplied accessories.
0	LCD/EVF very dark
1	Style and substance, compact size, loaded with features.
1	 the closest picture to 35mm film. Simple, fast and perfect. need I say more
1	Very easy to set up and use
1	New World standard for small size, very cool design, great reception.
1	EASY to use, lightweight
0	no cables included, expensive &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Recommended: Yes 
1	nice printing, high quality
0	Sparse documentation of advanced features
1	For the price, it is a great printer
1	Amazing quality, 5 Color Ink Cart., Cheap Ink., works with Linux
0	Defective case makes creaking noises
0	2X printing could be a little faster, but not too shabby for a first!
0	Charging problems.  Audio output problems.
1	10x optical image stabilized zoom, Microdrive compatible, Hot shoe
1	Everything
1	Low cost.
0	cuts off
0	Ringtones not downloadable, not a camera phone.
1	Clear Pictures - Easy to use
1	Good image quality. Large number of creative controls. Swiveling LCD monitor.
0	Eats batteries for dinner, Can't upgrade firmware.
1	Great features...color display, voice dialing, great rings........low price.
1	Fast printing and scanning. Both are good quality. Sheet feeder is great.
1	When it works, it makes for a fine laser printer.
1	Great all in one package for a starter digital camera.
1	compact size, ease of use, picture quality
0	None
1	one touch dialing, auto-on, speakerphone functionality
0	Other Nokias have more features,no internal vibrate mode
0	Three- (instead of five-) point harness, tiny storage basket.
0	na
0	None
0	Ringer volume, speaker clarity, price
0	if you want a camera, this phone won't get the job done.
0	Deleting bad shots takes too many steps
1	relatively small footprint considering capabilities, easy to use, fast for an inkjet
0	Rare face plates cause bouts of jealousy in other Nokia owners
0	antena broke off eventually, sand gets in keys
0	REALLY BUGGY!!
1	Light, ergonomic design, easy to use and navigate, sturdy, lots of features.
0	video has no audio, slow, no auto lens cover, loud, better choices available
0	Floppy Disk Adapter is not included in all packages
0	No optical viewfinder, Proprietary battery, Not all features available readily.
0	terrible reception , unusable in many places where other phones work
0	Printer died after 18 months. Only option-- pay $423 for refurbished model!
0	scrolling through address book is annoying
0	battery life
0	No case, have to buy battery separately
0	None
0	A bit fat - takes up space
0	price, plan charges, sound quality, antenna
1	Scans , Copies , &amp; Prints - All in One!, Affordable
0	Inadequate operating system to manage memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone daily
0	Initial cost, physical size, no ColorSync support
1	compact, high quality images
1	Small, Sleek, Lots of Features, and Lots of Extra's
1	Great photo quality, and shutter speed.  Battery life is the best I've seen!  
0	Slow autofocus, unfavorable flash positioning
1	LOW PRICE ONLINE!!!
1	Superb, lens. Traditional controls on Camera reduce the need for LCD menus.
1	3x optical zoom, many camera features
0	easy to lose
1	great reception, nice feel in hand, antenna doesn't break, nice blue backlight
1	Good resolution, fast shoot speed, view finder, USB, good panoramic shoot function
0	None come to mind.
1	Voice Dialing/Commands
1	good photos, ease of usage
1	all plus pictures, ease. controls
0	Programing
0	Verizon Disabled Features
1	Lightweight, compact, reclines, tall canopy, smooth ride, five point harness
0	"So So" image quality for video conference, Stand isn't practical
1	Incredible Color, Small size, Easy cartridge loading, good price
1	Convenient, good quality pictures, works reliably
1	Solid phone with highly usable menus and great quality
1	rugged, small, looks cool, changeable faceplates
0	Just about every thing that can make a printer bad.
0	price and local availability of accessories
1	Solid construction, attractive styling, easy-to-use
0	everybody has one
0	Limited memory for phone numbers and SMS messages.
0	Wide footprint, noisy, an ink hog!
1	nice photos, software works well
0	Slow AF; electronic viewfinder needs improvement; hand grip not comfortable; exposure not consistent
0	unsupported, MP3 software
0	not quite the pro camera
1	Great quality for it's price!
1	infant car seat attaches easily
1	At least it didn't explode
1	durable
0	None that I have found
0	Not very many options
0	No view finder. Will the moveable screen stand the test of time. 
0	None at the moment!
1	Lots of functions
1	reasonable price and compact in size
1	Fits a everyone's lifestyle in today's upbeat world
1	Big CCD, great quality pictures, lots of features.
1	A great phone.Easy to use and has a lot of options. Very clear.
0	Battery doesn't last that long
0	Very slow processor, awkward to hold, poor quality overall
0	poor quality
1	Durable, Good battery life, Robust earpiece connection, Reliable software (no crashes or hangs), "Cute" styling
1	Easy to Use, takes good picture and videos
1	I learned to never buy another Motorola phone!
1	Excellent Print quality, low cost, great inking system, sturdy, well built, looks great.
0	HASSLE HASSLE HASSLE and more hassle after that
0	size of display, no custom ring tones per caller, limited use in remote areas
1	size,clarity,outer lcd,text messaging,vibrate mode,price
0	Flash only reaches 10 feet, No built in lens cover, , , 
1	MP3 ringtones, clarity of calls, java games, synchronizing of Outlook, solid construction (not easily broken!)
0	need to switch cartridges, no paper catch tray, slow, outdated
1	Quality, Reliability, easy driver install.
1	Reception, reception, reception!!!
1	Extremely easy to use, great for beginners, more options for your photos!
1	next best thing to a cool looking non-exposed-keypad cell phone
0	CAN'T HEAR ON THE EARPIECE
1	Cheap, durable
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Low price, outstanding print quality
1	Metallic blue color is appealing.
1	Great picture and text
0	touchy button, no flash
0	Slow menus, poor placement of mico SD slot, hard to dial by touch.
1	Easy to use, shaped like a normal camera, good price-performance match.
0	lack of essential accessories, 3x zoom 
1	Cheap, awesome printer in general
1	Reliability,quality,reception,battery life and very user friendly.
0	Technical for the first-time camera user, really drains batteries
0	get-it-now, lack of customizablility, verizon banners
1	silent and quick for a personal use
1	Floppy disk storage, Versatile, Reliable
0	Text quality is less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
1	Fast, reliable, great quality, lots of extras.
0	Low Battery Life
1	cheap, reliable, dual cartridge
0	Ink cartridges don't last long enough and they are expensive. $30 each, black and color!
0	Poor battery life, bad service reception, garbled audio, poor backlight.
1	Reliable
1	 Relatively Low Cost, quality pictures, easy to use.
0	Reception SOMETIMES choppy.
0	low resolution, short battery life
0	Terrible hands free - design model flaw
1	Fast, Quiet, other things
0	Ink cartridges are expensive.
0	Slow, thirsty, noisy, unreliable.
1	easy to use
1	Good inexpensive printer. Nice prints. Easy on ink.
0	accessories poor - no portable mobile antenna
1	Small size, syncs with outlook, good sound quality, good battery, color screen
0	Weak antenna.
1	Good signal, nice display, great performance, feature rich.
0	Expensive.
1	Prints well when it does print and color is good.  
1	Trippy tir-color display, small and light, excellent sound quality
0	if you are looking for a professional quality than this isn't recommended
1	Best Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
1	Compact, Great LCD Screen, Good with Battery Life
1	Small, Light Weight, Takes Pictures
0	short battery life
1	Well actually I have found none!!
0	The flash card supplied is virtually useless.
0	high price
1	Cheap Good pics in the right places
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for free.   
0	Small for a palm, large for a phone
0	Low memory for photos and ringtones.
0	The phonebook is a little clumsy.  T9 text confuses me.
1	Prints beautiful pictures on expensive photo paper.
1	Small and easy to carry, great software, multi-purpose
1	Size, xD, 10X optical zoom, 4 megpix gives high quality pics, ease of use
1	better than no printer at all.
1	Very easy to use, durable and clean quick pictures.
1	lightweight and compact, sturdy, great in the rain
1	Great image quality,  small lightweight design,  
0	Antenna is on the weak side
1	Video, rechargeable battery, great quality, many pictures
0	Not so good picture under low light/night time
1	superb crispy optics, 5 meg pictures, full VGA mpeg
1	Inexpensive, durable, compact
1	Individual Ink Cartridges
0	Big and bulky
1	Serves two purposes in one, Good voice command
1	Flashy electric sun amazes the natives
0	Way too small, virtually irremovable battery, fragile.
0	No 2.5 mm headset jack, but this is easily fixed with a $3 adapter.
0	Poor battery life. Phone book name lookup. Slow operation. Text entry of numeral 1.
0	Hood broke and lock cracked
1	Great reception, excellent battery life, well considered convenience features
0	Lousy speaker sound; takes long to boot up from off position.
1	Cheap, has printer/scanner/fax all in one unit
0	The camera was built somewhat off so the power button is very close to the shutter which might make you turn the camera off when taking a picture. Also, the batteries drain quick but since they are just four AA batteries, it made no difference to me
0	PRODUCT IS DEFECTIVE-FLASH FAILS.  Eats batteries 
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
0	Sprint network needs to add additional digital coverage.
1	Easy to use, lightweight, powerful
1	Nice outer design, great feel, solid physically.  GREAT battery life
1	Good buy, practical
0	Display won't turn off in "IMAGE" mode.
0	Small buttons, advance features under many menus, screen hard to read in bright sunlight.
1	Fast, great print quality 
0	Not Internet Compatible
0	using the flash, price, quality of low-res pictures
0	Bulkier than some newer phones
1	Easy to use and import pictures
1	It has the black case and quality is good.
0	No negative factors to report.
0	none
0	When printing photos uses a lot of ink - but they are great pictures!
0	difficult to maneuver
1	looks, works, and feels like a standard point &amp;amp; shoot
0	Still only 12 spaces for names, 8500 in a new 3500 body!
1	Incredible picture quality, great options, ease of use, awesome close-ups
0	A bit pricey
1	Small size, very attractive, durable construction, 4 megapixels, 3x zoom.
1	Easy to navigate.  Backlighting makes it easy to see.
0	Ink and paper can be expensive if you only do full page high quality pictures
0	Weird form, Pricey, Camera needs work
0	Slow picture taking, possible lens issue &amp; slow picture review.
1	Cheap price, Pretty durable, Decent battery life
0	Taking pictures in low light situations
0	Battery rated for only three hours of talk time
1	Excellent voice quality -- and you get a Palm device as a bonus
0	Sucks Battery Power VERY quickly
1	Great reception; great sound quality; packed with features; really a powerhouse little phone
1	Joystick makes menu navigation and game play easy.
0	eats double AA  batteries quick
0	Annoying menu functionality, useless service and battery life indicators
1	Takes great photographs; Many advanced features; Feels like an SLR in your hands; Superior Optical zoom lens
1	light weight,colorful,durable,great service,no lost calls
1	Reliable, Great Pictures, Easy to Use, Speed is Fast, Great SIZE (Very Small)
0	no zoom, low resolution
0	USB problems, Problems powering up, didn't operate properly
0	Download takes a long time
0	Not the best software; needs to include a much larger memory stick! 
1	Small, lightweight, and good picture quality
1	nice size and shape,great features
1	Great Print Quality
0	Expensive at first but this IS a business printer after all.
1	Everything including battery life, call clarity, size and weight, and ease of use
0	Cut corners to keep down price
1	Cheap.
0	Poor performance in low light.
1	Very easy to use, good quality
0	Menu isin't easy like Nokia's
1	It's a phone, music player, camera and much more all in your pocket.
1	Lightweight, free standing when folded.  Super comfy!
1	Excellent All-in-One machine.  Photo printing capabilities without turning on your computer!
0	No cables included, some problems with bundled software
1	It does the job, doesn't take up a lot of space, and is relatively cable-free.
1	Good Resolution, Good Screen Size, Easy to use
1	Ease of use, price
1	A  GREAT VALUE
1	Takes wonderfull pictures
0	Too many adapters to get used to
1	Great photo quality, great text quality, very fast worth every cent
0	price (will soon be obsolete), optical viewfinder, durability and quality
0	no automatic double-sided printing
0	Technical problems from the start
1	Flashy/trendy new features, large color screen, call screening
1	High resolution for a great price
0	A little bigger than some of the competitively priced phones
0	Doesn't perform well as a cell phone, no range or volume.
0	eats batteries and is slow for sportsfans
1	Small and lightweight
1	Lightweight,looks great,hands free
0	Colour Tanks Should Be Bigger.
0	White balance when using flash delivers pictures having a bluish cast.
1	light weight,and priced right
0	headset and other jacks not durable, requires phone jacket to prevent damage
1	fair price, many options, zoom, easy to use
1	memories, previewing as it happens, showing to people as you go
1	Softer Seat; Reclines; Sunshade; Longer Handles than other umberella strollers
1	Fast Black and White printing
1	Luxurious, sturdy, safe
0	below average functions, inner/ outer screens terrible to read
1	Ease of use. Similarity to the 7110
1	Small, Light and can get a signal in a lot of places others couldn't
1	Affordable and durable.
0	Somewhat slow, grabs multiple sheets of paper
1	Great picture, easy to download pics, and great software
0	a little slow and noisy
0	Do you have big fingers? Stay away.
1	Easy to use, crisp pics
1	mini movies,sound, uses disks, 14x zoom
0	The flash is so powerful it ruins your pictures.  
1	Price, Features, Resolution
0	The phone can not edit phone numbers straight from scrolling down the phone book.
0	none found
0	Battery life is short and the 8MB CF card is practically useless
0	SHODDY quality control, cheaply made
0	Battery door feels flimsy.
0	none
1	small, great design, quality pictures
0	Quiet speaker, unreliable keypad, lack of decent appointment alerts, poor Bluetooth range
1	scheduler, games, clear signal, stylish.
1	Smallest Digicam going! Sexy, Well made, great output.
0	Poky serial interface, dumb lens/flash positioning.
1	Small size, great feature set for the price.
0	it doesn't work
1	easy to place camera memory card directly into printer to print proof sheet
1	Excellent software programs
1	picture quality, features, size
1	Convenient and portable, looks great, good feature set
0	no zoom
1	Dual band, very small, lots of third-party accessories
1	Durability(trust me-I have a 2 yr old), Clarity, portability, fast charging time.
1	Sleek, lightweight
1	Ease of use, quality and quiet operation
1	Speed and resolution, ultra quite mechanism, compact design, warranty
0	None! Well ok maybe battery life, but the Dimage's is still better than most.
0	no frills (like WAP), strange rings
0	slow shutter, large pics a little fuzzy
1	Extremely lightweight, cute and ALWAYS has a signal!
1	quality in a tiny package, looks, ease of use, 
0	EXTREEMLY SLOW!!!, uses ink fast, need to change cartridges for each job (color, B&amp;W, etc.)
0	not as fast as others
1	light weight, easy to use and reasonably priced
1	Rugged, good battery life, above average reception, easy to use name/number storage, accending volume ringer.
0	unstable software.
1	Ease of use and image quality
1	It's flat, small, but somewhat heavy
0	Uses lots of ink, paper jams.
0	None yet
1	Features, battery life
1	Compact Size, Many Features, Customizeable Covers, Low Cost
0	MULTI-PROBLEMS
0	LCD iffy quality, average return/repair policy
0	Computer editing tool is slow
0	Can be bulky in pocket.  Weak vibration alert.  Does not come with a holster.
1	easy to get started.. low cost
0	Battery cover a little flimsy
0	Slow zoom, no AC adapter included, flimsy lens cap
0	Keep your 35mm too
1	Superb pictures, easy to use, good price.
0	None to speak of
0	Naturally larger than average phone - don't buy if you don't need a PDA too.
0	none
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
0	Hard to use one-handed; Goes to sleep (screen) while on speakerphone.
1	Cheap
1	Easy to use, durable, great preview display
0	lens cap design, slight overexposure, size a little big 
1	Excellent features.  Near perfect speakerphone.  Durability.  Battery life.  Standard headset jack.
0	no MPEG mode, big
0	Battery life a little short, size of memory card, Telephoto ability
0	Small screen can be difficult to read. Mixed reception in the country.
0	Battery, Phonebook
1	Cheap.  Speaker phone that works good.  GPS for 911 to locate you if needed.
1	Ultra-compact, sturdy design, easy to use menus, good zoom, quality pictures, inexpensive memory, long-lasting battery.
0	VERY short battery life, no outside display
0	Somewhat flimsy casing and buttons, internal antenna does not pay off in low reception areas
0	short battery life when using bluetooth...or camera.
0	Menus are confusing at first
0	Heavy, display small
1	Free, Works good
1	Price, setup, software
0	none
0	Headset jack, inputting phone numbers, 'goodbye' message when shutting off phone.
0	Can freeze up once in a while
1	Photo quality, LCD screen, ease of use
0	impromptu photos come out blurry, higher res translates to grainy pictures. 
0	Screen could use a bit of help, Palm/Phone integration not 100% yet
0	The only thing I don't like is after down loading to computer it would be nice to be able to reload pictures to the camera
1	Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, Caller ID
0	Battery life, reception, earpiece volume, build quality.
1	Lightening speed! Prints so much cleaner w/the separate inks.
0	none
0	paper jams, ink problems
1	Ease of use, quality of results
0	It's easy to use even for children.
1	PRICE, sleek expensive looking design, included software, cables, memory card, and camera case, image quality.
0	I found nothing wrong with this item 
0	size
1	Easy to use, good color quality, low price
0	Would advise upgrade to direct connection download. Will eat batteries.
0	No USB.
0	For undemanding home users only
1	Terrific photo prints, faster than my HP 1000c and a lot less money.
0	A little slow getting started.
1	Small sleek easy to use
1	Easy to learn, easy to use, takes great shots
0	A Little Heavy, Price
0	heavy, too big
0	reception fuzzy at times goes in and out!
1	OUTSTANDING PICTURES;EASY TO USE
0	loud, slow, drinks ink
0	not as long standby as 5120..little more complex to use
0	Annoying if you are forgetful.
0	The worst scanner I have seen in 15 years as a designer.
1	IS SMALL SIZE AND AND FLOPPY DISK OPTION EXCELLENT QUALITY.
0	uses a lot of batteries
1	Easy to operate.
1	pretty colors
1	The color screen is cool. The LCD screen on the outside.
0	No USB support.. only syrup-slow serial
0	none
0	Black cartridge must be purchased separately. Jams probable if only one sheet is fed in.
0	Need to use manual mode to get best shots, the manual is inadequate, included serial cable is very slow to transfer large images, battery life very short (Note: With the exception of the manual, these are likely cons of all cameras)
0	FAT aerial can be a put-off
1	The distinctive look
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	None
0	ink runs out very quickly and printer is LOUD!!!!!!!!!!
0	colour cartridges are expensive
0	Bad manual, terrible desktop charger,so-so battery life, slow voice activation, CD won't work
0	Not a HP
0	battery consumption, auto-focus system
0	text output is not as sharp as some other printers
1	Affordable, Easy-to-use, Great Quality
0	Somewhat expensive for 2 megapixels, only 8MB memory included and no rechargeable batteries.
0	Found nothing negative
1	Easy to use, great picture quality, excellent computer interface
1	The price is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well as video.
1	Multi-functional, easy to use
0	Bad image rendering, Paltry RAM
0	Seat doesn't recline far enough for small babies
0	Forget about printing anything in color
1	A digital camera that feels like a good 35mm camera!
0	Not very dependable
1	When you use it to print on Matte papers, the prints are stunning
1	Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
0	accidental squawks
1	Never jams, quite good output with color management software
0	Never know when it will work
1	small size, many features
0	painted case, price
1	lots of options, sounds clear, easy to use
1	Small, Great Features
1	reliable
0	Takes up a fair amount of desk real-estate!
1	thinking hard...
0	battery life
1	Great sound, improved reception, easy to use, very cool, Data capable
1	Great pictures, cheap and easy media, high storage capacity
1	Affordable, good quality, and easy to use.
1	Stellar sonics and reception; thin; light, GPS ready; 2-way duplex speakerphone; and voice-activated dialing
0	Slow to warm up, large size, printing a color photo is slow.
1	Small form factor, Color Screen, Integrated Bluetooth
0	does great video without sound though
0	It's a bit pricey, but well worth every penny
1	Pictures are easily viewed on tv via video in cable.  
0	paper can have trouble keeping up
0	Poor low light/indoor picture quality.
0	Size and shape.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
0	Small basket, not fully reclining.
0	uses 2 AA batteries, 640X480 resolution, the largest memory card you can use in it is a 8 meg 
1	decent quality, good print, sort-of fast
1	none
0	pricey cartridges 
1	Manual mode, user-selectable ISO, movie mode &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Low Cost, Compact Design
0	small amount of internal memory.
0	poor zoom, 2-5 uses and you  have to buy another $10 battery
1	It's a Nokia.  Small Size.  Bright backlight.  Easy Nokia interface.
0	Poor picture quality, very poor manual, software very difficult
1	Solid construction, good image quality, clear lcd screen, intuitive menu system
1	Excellent value, quiet, reliable.  Very good quality output.
0	None
0	Weak Speakerphone, small size, costly downloads
0	It Sucks As A Phone!
1	Great reception; lightweight; durable; small; AIM/AOL support; excellent ear piece.
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
0	Shopping around for the best price
1	Fast and Clear Printing
1	very easy to use
1	fast, good quality, cheap, reliable name brand
0	HP parts must be purchased directly from HP, Zooming in reduces quality
0	none that I can think of for this pric
1	Standby/Talk time,256 color, interchangeable face plates,size, musical tone,camera,SIM card.
0	Must be held totally still, Won't take a photo in low light.
0	None
1	Inexpensive, easy to operate, quick digital upload, small and easy to handle
0	Not very user friendly, lots of static.
1	Flexibility, Price
0	no lens cover
1	Does it all
1	Quality, Speed, USB, Price
0	sucks power, flash not to good
1	Great quality, speed, and professional looking.
1	Battery doesn't drain instantly
0	It doesn't fit in my pocket. Really, no cons that I can see.
0	poor mechanical design
0	Nothing except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden noise.
1	Active Color
0	not highest resolution - Nikon 990, Olympus 3030 better  picture quality yet larger
0	Not quite as fast as I'd like but what I want isn't reasonable either!
0	Cartridges are pretty high.
1	Excellent black/white and color printing, Stellar performance/price ratio
0	None, maybe a little slow, but for the price it is just fine.
1	Quality of Prints! 
0	Reliability
1	Low price, great combination of PDA and phone.
1	Good Product Quality, Many Good Options to let you pick exactly what you want.
1	Good value; fast; zoom; uses AA batteries instead of expensive camera batttery. Veiwfinder and screen.
0	The price!
1	Easy to use 
0	Operation, signal strength, power cord, power consumption.
0	Quality
1	Small, long battery, lots of features
0	Hard-to-read LCD display, tiny buttons, few manual controls, weak flash. All plastic construction.
1	Faster than my last Lexmark with good quality!
1	Brilliant photo quality prints. Perfect colour images. Borderless prints
1	Quality
0	cost of cartridges if you use Canon over generic, 
1	Accomplishes SOHO tasks fairly well
1	affordability
0	Very expensive w/hardly any storage space.
1	Great styling, attractive interface, speakerphone capability, voice quality, ease of use.
0	Not Vision Enabled, color display eats battery life, many menus
1	Changing resolution
1	Great resolutions
1	crisp pictures, moderately fast. easy, economical
1	You can mix your own ringtones. Good coverage, and rock solid.
0	Unacceptably low battery life from standard AA batts, does not include AC Adapter.
1	High quality, easy to use, reliable
0	very slow; cartridges very expensive and don't last long
1	Great deal for a 2.1 megapixel camera
1	Great style, solid built, easy to navigate.
0	It isn't free...
1	You'll take lots and lots of pictures.  Big-time "Wow" factor.
0	Ink
1	Good looking, VERY small, great pictures
0	Not cheap; Full charge only last 2 hours
1	Ease of use, quality of pictures
0	Reception sucks, Speakerphone Cuts out every two minutes.
0	none yet
0	loud click, message memory runs out quick
1	Excellent Clarity,
1	Very Cheap, Great Software, Excellent Support Area On Website
1	Feature Rich, Color Screen, Motorola Reputation, E911 GPS
1	Clear pictures, easy to use
1	User friendly, even my 6 year old can use it.
0	rollers leave marcks on paper
0	Flash Red-eye is a pain. I try never to use the flash. Low battery life
0	hard buttons, slow sms menu, average to poor voice quality
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
1	Small, Nice Color Screen, Looks Cool.
0	Included Memory card is small, cheap plastic doors (battery and CF)
0	Intermittent electrical problems, poor image quality.
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Nothing I've found
1	Easy to use, unbreakable, good looks, light, nice features, plenty of accessories available
0	not one yet
1	Fast USB transfer, many features, sturdy body &amp; design
1	Fast and trouble free
1	Stylish and lightweight, easy to use with infant carriers
0	16mb card is to small, and the digital zoom gets fuzzy when printed out.
1	Color display, user-friendly, high-technology, fast menus, great functionality.
0	Refer review body.
1	Inexpensive, fun software, 3.0 has a flash!
0	Movie mode just ok
0	Only six pics, a lot of light needed for good pics.
0	heats up, less than stellar battery life, breaks up a lot
1	Umm... the little colored lights flashing on the front LCD?
0	Not that great for things other than texting
0	adapter for headphones, FM tuner doesn't work without the hands-free unit plugged in
1	sturdy, back footrest
1	Quality, Features, Price
0	Battery life,phone shuts off at random, drops calls consistently, customer service is terrible!
0	none compared to other digicams
0	voice dialing has problems, bad reception in buildings, takes a while to start up
0	none
0	None so far.
1	full featured including speaker phone
0	GSM does not work well in San Diego
0	Orange backlight wasn't that appealing.
1	Good quality printing
1	Quiet, fast, inexpensive
1	Alarm, stop watch, ect.
1	attractive
0	red eye, lens distortion, could use more accessories
1	Compact, value, resolution
0	Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lenses for this camera
0	The only manual you get is for the fax machine. 
0	Best photo quality takes a little time to get off camera.
0	Terms of service change without warning.
0	rechargeables not supplied, viewfinder, no NTSC/PAL switching, flash exposure, manual focus
1	ease of use, software, weight
1	easy to use takes great pics
1	Light, durable, comes with 4 games, many different ringing options, easy to use interface
0	It's difficult to learn how to do things with this phone, poorly written manual.
0	No viewfinder, poor battery with no way to improve, not enough memory included, too bulky.
0	None yet.
1	none
0	NONE!!!
0	No web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard to change rings. Antenna can break!
1	Ease of use, price
1	4-megapixel matrix, looks solid, convenient modification of focal length, universality, much features
0	The stroller is really big and hard to maneuver through shopping isles in department stores.
1	Everything
1	Clear Calls, Excellent Reception, "Cool" factor, Good Battery Life
0	Unreliable, small pokey keys, small screen, "afterdesign" over older hardware, gets grubby easy.
1	Great print quality; Reasonable price
1	Price, ease of use, size.
1	Easy to push, Not too heavy
0	Cost of cartridges
1	It is very easy to use.  Takes a floppy disk to store pictures on.
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Stylish,sexy,cool
0	None that I have found
1	Superb design, great sound quality and reception.
1	Price, Set-up, Quality
0	Slow response time with menus, reception, symbols rub off
1	All-in-one is handy, great price, great quality
1	SMS text messageing small, and looks cool
1	great photo printing
1	Pros don't matter if it jams virtually every time. 
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, slow software, very few "perks".
1	good looking, ease of use, affordable
0	A bit expensive
0	average reception
1	Small, lightweight, durable, sleek, and fun to use.
1	Small Footprint, Speed, Quality of Print.
1	Great print quality and speed
1	Fantastic Photo Output, Very Quiet, Nice Software Bundle
1	Excellent sound and battery, price (mine was free), reception
0	Slow color printing, expensive toner.
0	Troubleshooting area of reference guide is very minimal and only covers software problems in detail
1	A fantastic Hewlett Packard Deskjet
0	Standard accessories don't work well, not many aftermarket accessories available.
1	great size
0	Software conflict with HP scanner for me
0	Sometime Prints Sideways
0	Bad reception, and durability overall junk.
1	antenna on an angle away from head
1	Very comfortable to use.
0	expensive?
0	bulky
0	falsely advertised -- printer is not compatible with MS Word, Appleworks, Final Draft
1	GREAT picture quality. Floppy disk access is fast and very conveninent
1	long battery life, light weight
0	Buttons are close together and smallish.
0	Batteries die after unloading once or twice
1	Prints photos beautifully!
1	Price
1	It's small
0	Some barrel distortion in images; lacks an auto focus illuminator; no sound capture
1	Easy to use, color printer,  photocopier, and scanner.  Relatively quick printing.
0	No day-glow colors on the screen, the flip can break. Some confusing terms.
1	easy to use, fail-proof, sleek, light
1	Great Images and Flexibility
0	The instruction manual is a little vague.what the soft keys are for..
1	Color screen, lightweight, styleish.
0	A little pricey
0	the big wheels make it bulky
1	cost
1	Inexpensive, excellent quality
1	Very flexible, solid, and takes great shots.
0	poor reception, cumbersome size, software glitches
1	Great picture quality during the day and in good lighting. Excellent interface.
1	Clear pictures, easy to use, 6x zoom, cute
0	If one color goes, then entire color cartridge needs replacement.
0	None
1	Decent camera, decent price
0	lacks manual controls,  less popular, bulky if used without a flash
1	Small, belt wearable, good reception, good software, vibrate mode, 'outside' led.
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
0	Unix duplexer difficult to set up.  Pricey.
0	Needs day light when used as web cam, no flash, manual focus.
0	Fuzzy sound, echoes, too many hard-to-use options, overly complicated
1	For an Experienced Shooter takes great pictures.
1	Battery life excellent, Colorful and Attractive, Easy to use Interface
0	price + upgrades
1	decent display, good ringtones, good price
1	Great speakerphone, voice recognition, display, reception
1	Color menus, stylish style, size
1	Excellent optics, SLR in digital is here now
0	Expensive faces and that is about it.
0	cleaning heads a lot, not EPS compatible, need RIP software to print EPS
0	Cluttered interface, Bigger than the Canon S110
1	Clear 4 megapixel shots, 2 minute movies
1	Size, battery life, features.
0	Poor quality camera and absolutely terrible quality control!
1	Size,Menu,Voice Features,Reception,Great Ring Tones
1	Excellent, rich color photos; easy to use
1	Very easy to use, takes wonderful Photos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;highly recommended.
1	stunning colors, black hole text, easy setup,individual inktanks.
0	Battery Life, made out of poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
0	speed
0	None
1	this
1	Good quality photos, low price, easy to use
0	Depletes batteries quickly.
0	Proprietary memory stick
1	Great price for the features you get and very nice quality photos, had USB compatibility
1	Great MP3 Player, also does good job with Quick Time movies.
0	Ring tones are plenty loud enough but sound distorted on the highest setting
0	The circular keypad is a little ... different.
1	Great photo quality, average text quality.
1	Everything, excellent photo quality
1	stylish,light, easy to store(small), comfortably sized keys, outer screen, good ring tones, internet access
0	did not work.
1	IMAGE QUALITY!!!, Macro, AF, speed, lens ring, pretty all, , , , , , Battery, Price
1	Ease of use
1	Great features, if I ever get the software I paid for.
0	No speakerphone, several other small inconveniences
0	Bundled software, cost of cartridges
1	Great battery life, Call quality is A1, Not terribly expensive
1	Size of printer, quality print
0	Slow spooling, ineffective drivers
1	Easy to use, great photo quality, easy to transfer
0	finding ink, and print quality
1	PERFECT
0	Only comes with 4 MB stick which is not sufficient for some features.
0	Antenna Stinks-always breaking, Phone belt holder is to big!
0	Ink runs out quickly.
0	Not good with low light situations.
0	Size
0	lots a money to carry around
1	Voice activated, portable, flip style
1	Twin screen, small
1	Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of camera; 
1	great picture quality
1	Small size, clarity, appearance, big buttons, fairly simple menus, lightweight, voice dialing
1	good price, low cost ink cartridge, compact size
0	Production looks rushed. Manual missing features! &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality control may mar otherwhise excellent product.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Few extras.
0	smart card is only 8 mb. 3 1'2 adopter card is an expensive add on
1	Easy to use and install, excellent price
1	Amazing quality, CompactFlash and SmartMedia slots, self-alignment periodically, double-sided printer add-on included, IR port, computer not required, 8 Mb, huge resolution, parallel port/USB, 4.7 PPM Black at best quality, 3.1 PPM color at Best quality, t
1	Inexpensive printer
1	Smallest size, great functionality, great reception, SMS & predictive text a breeze, good battery life.
0	Cartridges do not last long when printing photos
1	Easy to use, good service, cool features
1	Best optical zoom available, floppy media
0	None really, Ink seems expensive but so does toner
1	the sound
1	Basket, Durability, Strength, Maneuverability
1	Light weight, compact, stylish, good value for the features, great pics.
1	Good quality photos, zoom, small, easy to use
1	Stability, Features, Reliability
1	Compact, Clarity, Ease of Use, BlueTooth, IR modem
0	What's up with 32MB supplied memory??
0	...None, if you consider what it was  designed for.
1	Design
0	you cant hear well with the small speaker
1	zoom
0	Moderately expensive.
1	free with AT&T Wireless Service, good clarity
1	Compact size, Easy to Use, Mpeg, Self-Time, UNDERWATER HOUSING AVAILABLE!!!
0	Locking/Unlocking the phone is a pain, screen is hard to read, poor reception
0	top/rear feed tray overhang
0	Poor picture quality, poor reception, mechanical problems in the long term
0	NO durability at all.
1	fast, high quality printing, cheap, USB, excellent paper feed
0	This camera goes through batteries!   Also, the flash takes too long to re-charge. 
0	Small keys,not good for BIG FINGERS. Need USB Cable to get pictures out.
0	Fact of not useing a TFT screen,no speakerphone
1	Ease of use
0	- Inexplicable software bugs
0	Sometimes turns off by itself
0	Very cheap construction.  Expensive Ink.
0	Ink is consumed very fast, had some paper feed problems
1	Good reception, sound quality
1	Nice quality pictures; Easy to use
1	very good picture quality for a 2.2 megapixel camera.Very,very easy to use.
0	Smart and Scroll Buttons, Antenna jabs into you on belt clip
0	no accessories, short battery life
1	small enough to carry with you
1	Price, Features, Nice Screen
0	Ringers could be a wee bit louder. otherwise there really is none.
1	Nice zoom, records decent quality video with sound, compact size, good price.
1	None
1	Sharpness, speed, quiet, separate inks
0	Caller Id on the inside instead of the outside.
0	takes long to focus, and Sony makes the accesories expensive
1	Superior image quality, easy to use, good documentation and software
0	occasional smears, grainy graphics, large margins
0	antenna close to head.
1	Color Screen/Speaker Phone/Sound Clarity/GPS
1	High quality pics, lots of zoom
1	Compact flip phone, easy to navigate, good amount of features for price.
0	Unecessary programs added at installation, a bit noisy.
0	Breaks when dropped on ceramic tiles
1	Size.  Portability.
0	Default resolution is high (but can be changed before snapping the picture)
0	no zoom, causes too much red-eye, price,, bundled memory stick too small, doesnt record sounds.
1	durable, light weight, small, easy to use
1	Solid construction, very reliable, holds charge well, handy camera, easy to use.
0	Rather Large Antenna, Quirky Motorola V Series User Interface and menus.
1	Price
0	Battery life is limited.
1	USB and Parallel, excellent resolution, fast bw and color print, price
1	Toddler security yet freedom!
1	Lightweight and easy to use
0	Poor shutter lag, bulky, battery hog
1	Mini CD storage, Zoom Lens
1	Taking many pictures without fear. Great quality pictures and movies
0	Downloaded ringers not as loud as pre-loaded.
0	They won't recall this phone for crappiness.
0	Pretty decent with quality of graphics
0	dated
0	Ringtone Volume
1	Amazing picture quality, easy to use
1	Fantastic optics for color and clarity; Manual and automatic controls for pros and debutants
0	it is SLOW, and the ink is not cheap
1	Durable, trustworthy and resolution is acceptable
0	Battery dies quickly
0	I didn't care for the pop up flash and their battery.
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	It's easy to use
0	Low light quality (grainy), poor alkaline battery life (use NiMH), Poor power button location, only 8MB, no USB
1	Easy to use, Color Screen, Loaded w/ ringers, and screensavers.
1	The universal device, powerful, pretty
1	clear sound, easy to use menus, compact
1	Very nice Camera
1	Small, sturdy, great quality, simple to use, clear screen
1	I don't have to send my film off to have them developed
1	Smaller phone with all the features
1	no jams, quality
0	Battery life
1	faily easy to use, great pictures, easily enhansed
1	Excellent quality, fun to use, powerful
0	Design, bad colour layout, no organizer, volume control adjustable at incoming calls only
1	easy to use
1	Astounding Color, 7  Ink Tanks
0	low light pics need manual setting, 
0	The manual lacks beginners.  The lens cap could be better
1	Great Value, space-saving, ink saving, high quality
1	- Size, - Looks, - Largest LCD display ever seen, - Image quality, - Portability
0	Almost useless flash card reader, DO NOT get the prints wet.
1	Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
0	Poor reception, dropped calls, static.  Poor volume. At best fair battery life.
1	Cheap
1	Great picture quality
0	Takes ages to boot up. Large. Very large.
0	only 2 aperture settings, pricey, no USB
1	Easy to get started, good value for price, crystal clear LCD
1	Bright inside display; Lots of features
1	Lots of Storage!
0	you'll still need a travel stroller; addtn'l bases only avail. by mail
0	Sometimes it delays after taking pic and this can be frustrating.
1	It was small
1	Speaker phone, FM radio, small and lightweight
1	Good pictures.
1	Long battery life, lots of features, real music ringtones, small
1	12PPM, USB, low price, nice software features.
0	Quality of the mechanics of the printer may be lacking.
0	Cheap construction, awful battery life, poor connections
0	Short battery life and feels just a bit fragile
1	Easy to use, quality photos, screen moves.
0	proprietary rechargeable battery , 8mb card included with camera
0	Noisy esp. scanner,uses ink way too fast and ink is pricey!
1	Cheap, combination camera/camcorder, software
1	cheap, good pictures
1	calculator, dated alarm, excellent tech support
1	Clear speakerphone, ease of use, size, chic looks, simplistic factor, ownership cost
1	Size, features
0	CAN'T PRINT IN TRUE PHOTO QUALITY!
1	Rubberised Coating, Extended Battery life compared to TX210
0	Haven't found any yet!
1	Good quality text and images, reasonably quick for an inkjet
0	High cost, comparatively low battery life
1	bright color is easily found, easy to respond to direct connect, compact and rugged
0	No offered by all plans
0	Expensive, but not compared to others in category
0	Noisy, costly, grainy plain paper printouts, ease of changing cartridges
0	very expensive printer cartidges
1	comes with rechargeable battery and charger, crisp pictures for a 2 megapixel 
0	Ringer tunes, battery life (?)
0	not designed for young children, expensive
1	Lightweight and easy to use
0	Too fragile for everyday use
0	Expensive
1	None - given all the great alternatives
0	Only 2.5 Zoom
0	built horribly, and they know it!!!!
1	Cost, resolution
0	None
0	isn't tightly integrated
0	Horrible accessory charger, noisy bootup/shutdown
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	PRICE/Megapixel Ratio,LCD Screen, Ease of use, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC, Great Software Bundle
0	None
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Fast - Light - Cheap - Self Repeating
1	flip-phone, external caller ID, GSM America
0	Poor reception due to internal antenna
1	Very high quality at a low cost 
1	Lightweight, easy to use, MPEG movie mode, long life battery
0	bad holster, software
0	leaks black ink!1
0	Lens should have an automatic cover.
0	Harder to find than newer flip-phone models
0	Everything about it.
1	Good Picture Quality,Floppy recording,Great Zoom
1	Easy to use, good resolution, high quality.
1	ANYONE can use this camera! Large LCD screen, great pics!
0	No cable included.  Exit tray fails to stop prints from falling off.
0	annoying SMS, slow web browser, no ring/vibrate feature, poor camera clarity
1	Looks, style, feature packed, quad band, changeable faceplates, bluetooth
0	If you are getting this phone for free, your expectations should be VERY low.
1	Size, weight, color screen, features, and ringers
0	a little problem printing from quark
0	Crappy software
0	The flash reaction is slow.
1	Small, cheap, some decent pix
0	No Downloadable Ringers
1	easy to use, offers basic features, very durable, good where digital service isn't available
0	Cheezy ringers, documentation sucks.
1	great, works great, runs great, everything
1	A high quality laser printer for under $200 including parallel cable.
0	A little weak in fully auto mode, RAW mode difficult to use
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
0	cracks in housing, out of focus closeups
0	horible picutre quality
0	Side buttons very easy to press accidentally, causing missed calls.
0	Notorious for failing weeks to months after purchase
1	Made me want to get up and shout, &amp;quot;Thank you Sony!&amp;quot;
0	No optical zoom, battery life, poor picture quality, slow transfer
0	USB only available via promotional offer. Plastic casing...
1	Easy, and the diskette is great
1	quality of print, speed
0	a little bulky
1	Quiet while in standby mode, Economical on toner
1	Great 640 x 480 resolution on the camera and Great games you can download.
1	Easy to use, great results
0	Everything else!!!
1	Small, Fairly Priced, Great Features
1	Great phone with solid features.  Plays actual mp3 files (not just wma).  Stylish.
1	Faster than other models
1	adequate printing speed, good print quality, economical
1	Lightweight, compact size, stylish
0	no sound with mpeg movie mode
0	None
0	Slow Autofocus, poor low light focus, small memory card, no rechargeable batteries
1	Great picture quality - Low priced!
0	Loves to eat those batteries.
0	None that I have found
1	Battery life, nice screen, good overall basics, relatively cheap.
0	Battery, pictures require ext camera, 10 char for names, volume/vibrate not separate settings
1	Quality, Design, Durability, Features, Value
0	clarity
1	Features, Picture Quality, Olympus reputation
0	Phone is bulky and heavy, and the alert can get annoying
0	A bit bigger than some
1	Small size, light weight, decreased radiation emissions
0	Weak flash, very slow response when using redeye reduction
0	Ink cartridges are not ordinary and must be special ordered. 
0	carry a brick around on your belt, then you'll know
1	Easily upgradable, excellent customer support
0	ONLY A FEW VERY MINOR THINGS...READ Descrip
0	Can turn on in your pocket, weak flash
1	Color of my images is so vibrant
0	The only color is black
0	Price, text messaging, and whiskers (see review)
1	inexpensive, good battery life, good backlight, good reception
1	The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and easy to use.  
0	Fragile antenna
1	camera, small, appears durable
0	expensive
1	Color, fast, ease of use
0	flash as in all digitals inadequate
1	Battery life, sleek design, cool blue lights, extremely easy to use, nice size, nice charger
1	Ease of use, the menu feature, automatic settings and usb connectivity. 
1	Low price, Decent output
1	Compact &amp; well specified for the money
1	A good overall phone.  Excellent reception, loud ringtones, beautiful inner display.
1	Size, construction, image quality
1	Great color pictures, fold up paper tray, fast.  HP!
0	Pictures are sometimes blurry if you are not careful.
1	none
0	old now
0	Only a 4 MB card, virtually no battery life, no AC adapter.  Poor zoom capablities.
1	Tiny size, portability, excellent photos.
1	VERY fast black and white printing
1	No Interface, Great Zoom Power, Easy to Use
1	Small, Metal
0	sta away from the tdma digital star tac...bad startac! badstartac!
0	On the power cord, calls drop!
1	Great features set, excellent sound quality, good battery life
0	Printer software sometimes not compatible with Windows 2000 preset label sizes 
0	Battery Life &amp; No Date option
1	3x optical zoom, you can make gif files, excellent videos
1	Being able to &amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
0	Noisy, must be open in front
1	Everything! 
1	&lt;b&gt;Lightweight&lt;/b&gt; ~ 12 pounds!
1	Sleek, Multiple rings, Good battery life
1	Picture and sound quality, storage space, durable, flash,
1	Great Pictures, easy to use
0	Fairly large, canon paper is expensive
1	Color LCD, background pictures, voice dialing & answering
0	Proprietary bluetooth implementation, horrible software/interface design that, lousy signal reception and poor battery life.
1	Compact and intuitive
1	Great Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
0	I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	none noted
0	Compared to some phones now, it may be big and it doesn't have color screen
0	Poor close-ups, worthless as a webcam, hard to line up a good framed shot
0	Expensive, goes through ink pretty fast
0	folding might be difficult for some people
1	Lets me do what ever I want to it.
1	Reasonably priced with good print quality on most things.
1	Pretty good zoom, LCD in the view finder is great, cheap, takes night shots
1	durable and stylish enough for techy college scene
1	Size, battery life, ease of use.
1	Several Different Modes Available with excellent quality photos and videos
0	Smudging
0	not for wanderers
0	Low-Battery Life, And Fairly Good Pics. Hard To Hook up with mac
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Speed, Color Quality
1	good phone
0	None yet.
1	Cheap
1	Nothing
1	Fun, functional and durable.  Doesn't feel like it'll break in your hand.
1	Easy to use, takes clear pictures, no developing fees, and you can send pictures online!
1	affordable, easy to use, takes nice pictures
0	None!
1	crisp color, confident autofocus, one hand operation, manual controls, sturdy
1	Feature rich, ease of use, length of battery
0	Ink cost prohibitive
0	Loud, slow at starting print jobs, not very durable.
1	quality pictures
1	USB connectivity, ease of use, quality of prints
1	Battery, screen, camera, organizer
1	Great Quality. Small Design. Small Price Tag.
1	easy to use, low weight, small size
1	Batteries! You need only two, they give long life, they are supplied.
0	chipped cartridges
1	GREAT durability, survived many falls, good battery life, voice dial
1	professional quality printing, be as creative as you want to be.
1	Very Small and light weight.  Decent sound quality.  Good battery life.
0	8Mb memory stick only, no carrying case, menu complicated at first, slow to focus
1	Radio, messaging options...
1	EXCELLENT photo quality with the right paper, text prints very well, GREAT speed.
0	Cheap plastics.  Linux support is limited.  Cost of ink is outrageous, near impossible to refill.
0	No com.interfaced,B&W screen,no viberate ring,Texts tones,good basic?
1	Color Screen, Voice Dialing
0	Antennae does not stay locked down when not in use.
1	Dual display, good looks, sharp screen, easy to use menus, polyphonic ringer
0	you get what you pay for
1	3 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, Excellent Photo Taking, Price
0	battery comes loose it will disconnect your phone-Bad reception at times
1	Inexpensive; quiet printing; good quality printing
0	unusable in low signal areas, easy-to-scratch display
1	Compact, Light weight, ease of use
0	Large and heavy, average performance.
0	"Web-ready" in name only; Web not ready for cell phones, but nice try!
1	nice size and 'fit' in the hand
0	Laser Cartidge is tricky to put it
1	Size and easy of use
0	High cost of replacement ink cartridges; doesn't hold enough paper in the tray
0	Ergonomics not for everyone.  Electronic View Finder. Storage Medium.
1	This is a great cell phone. Contains lots of good and new features.
1	Advantage of a digital camera, easy to use, floppy disk storage
1	Easy to install, has performed flawlessly for 3 + years now.
1	Nice all-in-one machine, small, decent and easy to use.
0	Poor &amp;quot;print-out&amp;quot; quality, bulkier than 35mm cameras
0	Signal, Connection, Small buttons, cheap make, easily dented/scuffed, no speakerphone
1	Fast, very clear, very reliable
1	Minimal, Bluetooth, GPRS, WAP
0	Resolution not good for larger prints (8X10 or larger), price, storage media limitation
0	You get what you paid for.
1	Good looking. Light weight. Lots of features.
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	Doesn't run all palm apps, speakerphone sound less than great.
1	Size, weight, outstanding screen, ease of use, quick menu access, plenty of features.
1	The speakerphone and voice dialing features are great for people always on the go.
1	Size, Ease of use, Picture Quality
0	Wap is hard to navigate through, and volume cannot go very high.
1	Great quality, durable, relatively easy to use
1	1.3 megapix for $300, viewing window
1	3x Optical Zoom, Excellent Picture Quality, Awesome Battery Life.
0	kind of small size screen, battery life isnt the greatest
1	Color, Options
0	battery life, transfer speed
1	Easy to use, high quality printing
1	easy to use,cheap, everything needed was included in the kit
0	side control button location, shows fingerprints
1	Very Quiet, Sharp Clear Printing
1	Trimode (Analog/Digital/PCS), easy to use, perfect for high school/college students
1	Easy to program
0	batteries die quickly, need AC adapter for best results..
0	Print speed could be better.
0	low resolution makes it a general purpose camera
0	BATTERIES........AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
1	Excellent Pictures, Easy to Use
1	Excellent sound, good features
1	Big screen for flip phone, Very cool features, COLOR, COLOR, COLOR
1	Easy to use, good price
0	No USB, noisy motor
0	Ink catridges cost too much.
1	voice activiated, blue backlight, voicenotes, durable, all around good
1	Stylish, lots of features, can use as a modem for a notebook computer
1	picture quality equivalent to a good 35mm camera
1	Lots of great features, compact in size, Minolta reliability
1	Cheap, portable, and very easy to use.
1	Excellent print quality, Quiet, Prints on almost any paper and or transparency.
0	Preliminary setup was a little tough, but very few cons!
1	Good phone with tons of features and expandability to boot.  Has an MMC card slot!
1	Large screen, one-touch volume control, joystick
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
1	Speedy printing, photo quality
1	Simple to learn how to use, clear pictures
0	slow print speed, uses alot of ink
1	good battery life, charges quickly
0	auto focus weak, weak flash
0	ergonomics
0	Your best photo's will be bad.
0	look at the HP 880/882 also great
1	Size- works well (for awhile)
0	none
1	Excellent print quality and ease of use.
1	Awesome graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!
0	AC adapter extra, serial cable not USB, only 4 F-stop settings:  F2.8, F3.9, F5.6, F7.8
1	Magazine and photo-processing quality prints!
1	Fast, high quality, and a good small business printer
1	Great graphics printing
0	bad paper feed, poor print quality
1	It's a Motorola, tri-band, custom menus, new software, did I mention it's a Motorola!
1	Durable, small, holds lots of images, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, perfect for text printing
0	short battery time
0	Bulky when folded, doesn't lock in the folded position
0	Pricey, Seat Position Limitations
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen quality
1	Size, looks, sound quality
0	pulls accidentally more than one sheet of paper, RAM-demanding, problems with communicating with PC
1	Lots of manual settings., Love the new "Scene Modes", Well constructed and built, 
0	there is no face plate
1	High quality, the convenience of combining several peripherals, USB allows placement far from your PC.
0	Few.  Lacks decent battery indicator.
1	Relatively Cheap, Memory Stick Reader/Writer Drive, Ease of Use
1	Durable, battery life, features
0	High Battery Usage
1	Picture Quality, Full Manual Control, Good Flash, AF illuminator, Uses AA Batteries., 
1	Cheap, but not lacking in quality.
1	none
0	no basket, kick the wheels,, hard to fold wearing sandals
0	Still not a top quality printer.
1	Has a nice shape and fits almost anywhere
1	All you need in one box.
1	Great functionality
1	Stylish, effective, light and portable
1	Low Price, good quality
0	Does &lt;b&gt;NOT&lt;/b&gt; fully recline.
1	HIGH quality images, Light weight, Popup Flash, LCD
1	all in one, pcfax is great.
1	stylish, nice features, easy to read screen, custom settings
1	Nice and small, solidly built, fast, clear and convenient. Great beginner!
1	Good reception, speakerphone, FM radio, familiar user interface, vibrate with ringtone, java.
0	no optical viewfinder, and NO LCD is very great in the sun
1	Easy to learn how to use, good instruction manual, and inexpensive to use  (cost/picture) 
0	Finicky Buttons, Bad Battery Life, Not all Bluetooth headsets work well, Hard to hold
1	LOAD PIC'S ON FLOPPY DISC
0	lacks parking brake, sun shield is too small, somewhat awkward to fold
0	Size, weight, lack of style and class, frightening unreliability, it's not exactly 'cute'
0	Your number shows up as private when you call someone, until you change that.
0	no bluetooth
0	Sometimes pulls the paper in a little slanted.  Initial Set-up problems
0	poor hardware design, poor software functions. expensive inks and low pages/cartridge rate
1	You can get it pretty cheap now...
0	Stroller folds up funny
0	you will need extras, and lots of batteris
0	expensive for the average consumer, only 3x zoom, no other major weaknesses
0	Inaccurate viewfinder, "dark" photos, image distortion/vignetting at wide angle, silly panorama mode, unreliable card
1	Swivel Body - Hologram AF - Fast - Night Framing - Battery Life
0	antenna easy to bend
0	burr, no mp3 playback?
0	Occasionally hangs up, cartridges are expensive
1	Great photo printing, long colour cartridge life
1	Ideal for our low-intensity home printing needs.
0	ink tank alignments
0	I don't know where to start!
1	sturdy, easy to use, 
1	Superb,sharp color picture/text. Quiet. A tad faster than the norm for under $200.
0	accessories pricey
0	Big, No USB compatibility with WIN95
1	Nice software, alot of options, pictures seem to be good
1	Great camera for Beginner
1	Compact size. Excellent print quality.  Fast copying and printing except color.
0	Cons: Ink is expensive and the printer quality is questionable
1	large photos, great quality
1	easy to use, affordable, several nice features
1	least expensive we could find
0	Vertical feed gathers dust; flimsy output tray
0	very expensive, small basket
1	usb,viewfinder, optical zoom
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, small footprint
0	Size, easy to lose
1	Low price
1	Beautiful output!
1	diskettes are cheap &amp;quot;digital film&amp;quot;, good for web sites, easy to use
1	easy gliding,folds to fit places,has a carseat handy
1	Very nice camera for the price. Easy to use, nice quality pictures
1	small
1	Features, size, accessories
0	One cartridge, rather than dual.
1	Great Concept, Simple Use, Good Storage, Comfy Fit
1	Direct Connect
1	nice feature set, swivel view finder
0	Cost of color printing per page can add up quickly, like all inkjets though.
0	No universal baby seat bar so you have to use their inferior seat.
1	Works Well In Average Light Rooms.
1	Excellent for   prints up to 11x17 or larger
1	Good image quality, very inexpensive.
1	For the month or so it works, it works well.
1	USB, 8MB Flash, Video recording, timer.
1	Lightweight, speakerphone, no roaming fees
1	Large wheels, convenience
0	Its very stressful printer, with many frustrations. Go to Kinkos.
1	Light phone, plenty of nice features, good reception, and it's FREE
1	Great price, USB Ready, Great for Fun, Just point and shoot!
0	not supercompact in size, no rech.
0	No USB connection, no output paper tray.
1	Overall design, features and battery life
1	Compact, Sharp 4 Mega Pixel file sizes, Great Features, Excellent outdoor shots.
1	Great user interface; great features
1	Construction quality, compact size, picture quality
1	Looks Good and large choice of option
0	only can take 12 pictures in super hi-quality mode
1	Small, pocketable.
0	Slow startup, slow when storing or deleting from CF card, a bit weird printout
1	Most widely recommended model by far
0	for constant use it eats up batteries
1	Great Quality, Sturdy Design
1	ease of use, scanning options and included applications, size
1	Value,style,convenience
1	Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
0	Mechanical Issues - Color Photos;Poor Customer Service; Spyware; Broken Already
1	Great Quality photographs, Compact Flash Card, Worth it's weight in gold!
1	Excellent for jogging with infants/toddlers. Well-made, excellent on rough terrain
0	Decent Battery Life, Number Pad
0	Poor battery, terrible UI, navigation buttons are clumsy, heavy, fragile,
1	Easy to glide
1	Small, Tough, Power Efficient, Not Complicated, quality images., 
0	Requires to change cartridge for color/bw
1	Lightweight and perfectly simple to collapse for storage.
1	Easy to use, high-quality photos
1	small, very nice looking, and clear
1	This phone can fit anywhere, it has world coverage, and is simple to use.
1	price, auto focus, and other various features
0	bundled software lacks intuitive user interface
0	Short battery life, LCD screen hard to read outside
1	lots of manual settings
0	Can be inconvenient when set on combination vibration and tone.
1	Ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, Ability to take pictures fast.
1	Tiny, many extras, hands free built in
0	low battery life, not very loud
0	batteries run low very quickly.  But that may be because I am using it constantly
0	Exposed LCD Screen.
1	Extremely user-friendly, responsive, battery life (2xAA), useful features, picture quality, long exposure times.
1	Great Price, Great Photos, Great Features
1	great print, EZ setup, EZ to use, cheap ink, EPson relablilty
0	None that I have found
1	Superior battery life, good sound quality, colorful and easy to read display
1	Great color; crisp prints
1	Compact, speed, well drivers, good detail of image, up to 68 Mb, flash, reasonable price
1	easy to install, good quality printing
1	Small and stylish. Rich in features.
1	Fun for events, very light weight
1	Price, quality, user friendly
1	Very easy to use and understand functions.  Great quality for price. Great for beginners.
0	Kodak should include an AC adapter, rechargeable batteries, and recharger.
0	low battery life, not very loud
1	wonderful in every way
1	compact, attractive, great reception, easy to use, good battery life
0	The camera was not made to be universal!
1	InfraRed,
0	Low sharpness, distortions in the zoom when wide screen, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;heavy for an camera
0	no carrying case
0	Low Talk Time, Poor Battery Life, Poor Voice Quality
1	Photo quality output, Price is low enough
0	only reclines to two positions
1	Easy to use
1	All-n-one functionality
1	Good quality print, easy extra features, quiet, cost efficeint, well designed
0	Slow printer, Small &amp;amp; Expensive Print Cartridges
0	battery, menus, boxy shape/awkward
1	Relatively cheap
1	Lightweight, High Resolution &amp;amp; Short Movies
0	the lexmark ink is exspinsive
1	Cheap!  Nice deskstand!
1	Lots of features, two 65k-displays, design and did I mention features?
1	Really easy to use.  Excellent quality photos.
0	underpowered flash
1	Excellent size, external LCD
0	Some difficulty restarting after paper jam.
1	Digital,large backlit display and buttons,loaded,accs available in superstores
0	You have to know what you are doing to use it.
1	Extremely Portable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great image quality to camera size ratio&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Bad battery life, Bad sound, Lack of durability.
1	Fast and good print quality. Good paper handling.
1	light, easy open &amp;amp; close, durable, nice looking, convenient
0	little pricey, small ink cartridges
0	poor color depth
0	paper jam that could not be corrected by online support
1	nice appearance, clear speaker phone, stores more than 200 text messages at a time
0	Can't be repaired except at HP
1	Looks cool, great sound quality, nice menu system.
0	none
0	Defective parts.
1	Handy cradle
1	Bright 2" LCD viewfinder, controls easy to use, decent manual control, 
1	Fine fabric,good fold, good cover
1	A little narrower than a RAZR
1	Small, Lite, simple to use and Very Sheik
0	A bit bulky, trouble w/ Email, time-sync doesn't work, can't upload addresses
1	Low price for a VERY GOOD QUALITY
1	Sleek, thin, USB connectivity, nice screen, good speakerphone
1	Rolls when pushed. Easy grip handle for easy fold up. Has basket on bottom to hold diapers and stuff.
1	Easy to use, prints pictures AWESOME, nice looking and quiet.
1	Price, Quality, Reliability
1	Cheap, small, and gets reception everywhere
0	No cover on LCD. Slow shooting. Small battery life. No enclosed cover.
0	2X optical zoom, No battery status indicator, Awkward tripod mount placement
0	Big, slow menus. Hard to find on the market.
0	Short battery life, slow transfer rate, EXPENSIVE peripherals/add-ons
0	feels a little flimsy -- be careful with it
0	A little slow but hey, what do u want for les than $200
0	tough to find non-offensive fabric, hard to fold
1	Very good quality printing
0	Technology is still expensive, disks can be filled fast too, user needs a computer to get all the benefits 
0	compressed thumb nail pictures
1	Too Many to list in 15 words
1	Sturdy, fast in draft mode, low ink indicators.
0	Low resolution, slow, no lens cover, poor image quality, crappy software.
1	Ease of use, build quality, styling.
0	Big, USB only, Paper feed tray
0	A little expensive
0	Print problems, slow like mud
1	Battery Life, Backlight Display, Memory
1	Solid performance, excellent color, super support
0	shutter delay, slow flash charge, low battery life
0	NONE
1	Smoooooth ride.  Great restraint system.  
1	easy to use, great software, small
0	Not nearly the efficiency of much more expensive laser printers.  Again, consider overall value.
1	great images and interface
1	Low price, doubles up as digicam card reader, can print without computer
0	LCD display needs a shade for bright sunlight.  Hard to see it.
0	Voice activation is hit and miss at times
0	Ring volume/quality, inside display, desktop charger, blue keypad lights, small inner screen
0	Cost
1	Very attractive, Poly Ringtones, Easy to  use
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, lightweight, good quality photos for email and web.
1	Good Quality Print
1	great for photos,quiet
0	kind of bulky
1	Size, weight, feel, dependability.
1	Sleek, Compact, Stylish, Many Features
1	Great printing quality
1	simple and easy to use,cheap disks for photo storage
0	graphics looks ridiculous as well as the ringtones and reception could be better
1	Great lens, high res imaging, small form factor
1	Palm is a good OS, just not on this product.
0	Sound quality, reception, usability
0	Slow on a parallel port
0	too many to list here....
0	As noted, print heads a disgrace
1	lightweight, easy to use
0	Lags in connecting, battery life
0	None to date
1	Easy to use, nice looking appearance, small size, prints beautifully, excellent price
1	Lightweight, roomy basket, child tray and cupholder, easy recline
0	Antenna protrudes a bit far for my liking. No display when flip is closed.
0	Overpriced ink cartridges, slow
1	Easy to use
0	Exterior looks ugly, antenna reception, screen is hard to see in bright sunlight.
1	It was free.  Even street price is cheap
1	amazing pictures. the battery never runs out. lots of options.
0	Attaching a hands-free or camera, button ergonomics.
1	Camera, video, bluetooth
1	easy to use, saves time and money
0	not good for indoor pics, no zoom or lense adjustments
1	versatile and cost efficient
0	Akward Zoom Control. Zoom Barrel not very sturdy..just get a Service plan.
1	Price, looks, sturdy construction, size and weight, reception and sound quality, colors
0	Takes forever to snap a shot
0	Fragile
0	Is not durable, no repair service
1	PRICED RIGHT
1	Quality &amp; price makes this worth the purchase.
0	No noise to record w/ movie, needs a light for movies taking.
1	Price, stunning still pics, usb
0	Can't work on TDMA or CDMA Network  while roaming
0	Battery hog, no lens cap, no USB connection
0	Just about everything. Function, reception, call consistency, battery life
0	Expensive.
1	Small, easy to use, yet with great image quality and features.
0	Unreliable voice-mail alert
0	Bad scanning capability
1	Portable, stylish and affordable. Fits in your shirt-pocket. Multiple settings ,daylight pictures are excellent
0	weak zoom inability to add other zooms and filters
1	If you want a stroller for an active lifestyle this is the one and only
0	Can't use my scanner
1	Good image quality
0	No Alpha Phone Book, Dropped Calls, Weak Battery/Signal/Volume. Poor Alerts/Menues/Manual/No Speakerphone
0	No optical viewfinder, no video-out port, red-eye problems, 
1	Small, Easy to use, takes great pictures!  Battery charging is easy
0	The Z42 is only slightly more expensive.
1	Fast printing and quiet
0	clip that holds stroller closed is tough.
1	Great beginner camera, easy to use features, price!
0	None
0	The Smart Media Card reader is slow when transferring files.
0	The very short battery life.
0	none so far.
0	Poor image quality,no flash
0	Phone shuts itself off all the time & power button is hard to operate
1	lightweight; compact
0	Expensive ($700)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Not as useful if you don't own a home PC&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	none
1	Low cost, great picture quality, sturdy casing, great zoom
0	batteries go dead after a short time
1	Good Speed, Great Quality
1	Display easy to read
0	Quality control?
0	Sony accessories can be pricey
1	quality and, speed
1	low price &amp; easy-2-use for a non-photographer
1	Good colour screen, Easy, Good polyphonics, Good range of features,
1	everything
0	Settings do not correspond with conventional 35MM cameras, for example, F-Stop, Aperture, etc.
1	Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
1	Excellent Color Screen, Polyphonic Ringtones, Verizon's "Get It Now" service, Personal Information Mangager
0	Limited (Included) Ring Tones
0	Text and voice mail alerts are not loud enough.
1	Speakerphone
0	No paper tray
1	Tiny, solid chassis. 
1	Long battery life.  Compact size.  Nice color screen.
0	Can be a little confusing at first
0	None
0	Interface, very basic phone, no calendar, or to do list.
0	Poor reproduction of color photos, NOISY
0	AWFUL reception/signal , quick battery drainage
0	a little heavy compared to a regular camera
0	Battery life is extremely short, and buttons are too small.
0	Quiet ringer, weak vibration, no screensavers, faceplate not replacable
0	Known hinge defect.  Short battery life.
0	I couldn't find anything I didn't like about this camera
1	Best color accuracy and sharpness of all 2.1 mpixel cameras
1	Very clear pictures
0	battery usage,2x zoom, LCD location
0	nothing
0	computer produced pictures not top quality
1	cheap
1	Has all the features, small sleek design, reliable.
1	uses CD, adequate battery life
0	Slow, hard to feed paper
1	small, light, data capable, IR port, T9 text input, changable faceplate
0	Yellowish Screen, Picture Noise, Bad Zoom Increments
0	Poor quality, slow, bad flash, short battery life
1	Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
1	Crisp pics, movie capability, delete what you don't want.
1	Can print very well at times, fairly priced
1	Excellent Quality, Space Saving Features, Great Speed
1	Excellent near-photo quality printing, dependable
1	All features like- Voice Dial, Vibrating Alert, Profiles etc.
0	Battery life, Not web enabled
1	Photo Quality Output, Perform Several Tasks At Once, Reliable
0	Buy disks, expensive.
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures, comparatively very inexpensive
0	Complicated advanced controls.
0	should have bought it sooner
1	Flawless Operation, Beautiful Pictures
1	powerful flash, long lasting battery, crystal clear and sharp pictures. 
0	slow to deliver to printer, not too bad
1	Small, fits in my pocket
0	Stability (see review for workarounds), battery life, slow for a new palm.
0	Small memory card and poor zoom mode
1	Great price, good quality output, just works.
1	Sony has a HIT - Compact, Zeiss Lens, Long-Life Battery, Adjustable Optical ViewFinder
1	good for beginners, funky blue design, cheap
1	Clear sound, sturdy, speaker phone
1	Is a small, and quality taking picture camera 
0	Tough on batteries
0	delicate, sometimes doesn't work with no reason
0	Disappearing (is Panasonic even making cellular phones anymore?)
1	Perfect for an infant and older toddler
1	pretty screen with colors and looks attractive good battery life
1	This phone is fragile and tends toward software glitches and failures.
1	Good battery life, huge screen, lots of features and excellent stylus menu structure
0	Printing envelopes is a bit tricky and  no double-sided printing feature.
0	Poor battery life.
1	Clamshell design is nice, good speaker phone, compact.
1	Great for home/medium volume use.  Good print quality.  Stunning photos.
0	The 5100 series faceplates don't fit the 5165 without buying new keypads.
1	Well, it does look nice.
1	Looks great, stylish.
0	Poor camera, weak vibrate mode, horrible keys
1	Easy to handle and very good quality pictures, and selection options for selecting the quality.
1	Ease of Use
0	Price
0	no downloadable ringers
1	Great style & design for an older phone.
0	expensive cartridges, poor support lines, durability.
0	Serial port, only 2mb memory ( 16 pics is not enough ), ugly pictures
0	CF card too small. Very noisy. No manual focus. Battery life too short.
0	The strap does not seem secure &amp; only 2.5 hours battery life.
1	speed, photorealistic quality, price, low running cost, fabulous looks
0	Pricey
1	Infra-red, easy menus, batter-life, games
1	Low Price Point, 6 Colors, Epson Reputation, Lab Quality Prints, Border-free Printing
0	not as fashionable in 2006
1	Extremely easy to use, good quality pictures
1	Compact, dynamic interface, decent features.
1	Great text and photo quality on coated and photo paper
0	Interface is HORRIBLE
1	easy to use, fun colors, unique
1	Light weight,opens and closes easy,smooth ride,great steering,good breaks,carrier nice,extra bases available.
0	none for me
0	none that I can report
1	High resolution, rugged and fairly compact metal body, advanced features
1	Reception, Battery life, color screen, downloadable features.... I can go on and on....
1	price. ease of use
1	The phone was practically free.
0	None, so light and thin, you may lose it.
1	ease of use, light weight, portability
1	I didn't pay for it. (Board of ed. did)
0	not at this price
1	Small,Inexpensive,LCD Monitor
0	Sometimes difficult to adjust flash
1	Wide view screen easy transfer 
0	Larger than Canon S200
1	Small, light, fully functional phone for a great price.
1	Metal flip, slightly smaller than 3500, sounds better, bigger phone book
0	not photographic quality,but not too bad, doesn't print the full larger size
1	prints  kinda fast
0	$450 price tag
0	No multi document feed for faxing.
1	First really classy Verizon Phone, great size, voice activated dialing, vibrate and ring options
0	NONE except I wish I could have afforded the difference for the FD-88 which has a great zoom!
1	Durable, sleek
1	Great Price, packed with features
1	Simple setup, easy to use
1	very good
0	not as fast as claimed
0	difficult to take steady shots without tripod, too much LCD glare
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Size, looks
1	Brilliant Photo Quality.  Accepts Memory Cards.  Quiet, Fast, an overall excellent printer.
1	Uses SmartMedia memory, price ($180), customer service
1	Easy to use, tons of options,immediate connection to family and friends
0	Wished I had gotten more powerful zoom.
1	fairly quick print time
0	changing back &amp;amp; forth for color and B&amp;amp;W cartridge, less than average color quality for photos with 3-color cartridge
1	optical zoom, integrated flash
0	speed, uses a lot of ink
1	long battery life, good features
1	Light, sharp photos, easy to read manual.  Inexpensive.
0	Sprint PCS customer service is slow.  Lots of problems with "Wireless Web"
0	ok quality
1	Great CB quality, tough outer shell, works well long distance
0	Viewfinder visibility in bright sunlight
1	Great phone, durable, speaker phone
1	speed, durability, space
1	Zeiss optics and smooth reliable operation
0	Severe redeye problems in low lighting, barrel distortion at wide angles, no separate viewfinder
1	Lots of cool features
0	You need to devote time to learn to use it--but do.
0	Accessories are a little pricey.
0	Initializing sometimes is a pain
1	Good quality,Inexpensive,Versatile
0	Batteries go to quickly!
0	16MB memory stick is a little bit small 
0	Slow shutter, slow loud autofocus, movies don't have sound, expensive
0	No audible feedback.  Customer Service not competent.
1	The ease and simplicity of getting pictures to your computer.
0	Black ink that smears.
0	No software included for detailed editing, but some editing available on album page
1	Inexpensive, fast, and reliable
0	Reception
1	Himm...? Not sure!
1	At least you can read what it prints
1	Good sound quality.  Great display.  All around good phone.
1	Small, sleek, sturdy,world-class, recognizable
0	no good directions in the box
0	Slight picture delay. Memory card xD very small can be easily lost.  Camera is bulky
0	Signal clarity is iffy. Hard to use. Buttons too small.
1	Light, attractive, lots of features
1	SUPERFUN...FEELS GOOD in the HAND...REALLY FAST CLICKER!  People WILL ENJOY your CREATIVE PICTURES!
1	Great phone when it works. Durable Good Battery life
0	battery life
0	digital zoom has MUCH to improve on. This is a heavy camera.
1	Very compact, External LCD, Excellent ringer tones, comfortably-sized keys, stylish.
1	Great pictures
0	8x10 printed slooooooow
0	haven't seen any, yet
0	Extremely poor quality pics.
1	A great point and shoot camera.  One memory card will get lots of pictures.
0	No USB, only 1.3 megapixel, low battery life
0	The price of $179!
1	Easy interface, decent battery time
1	does not screw up; crisp, clear images; good ergonomics
1	Small size, lightweight
1	Durable, long ink life, price.
0	User-friendliness, keypad display, keypad heat, fewer extra features.
1	Cheap, and simple
1	Easy to use, stylish, good picture quality, good price, good company.
0	large LCD screen on back drains batteries fast
0	None yet!
1	speed, quality
0	Slow, very slow. You need alot of paitience and a toothpick. Cingular's crappy service!
0	sometimes tends to overexpose, price
0	Antenna sticks out too far, battery life
1	Sleek, light, vibration etc.
1	intuitive, user friendly
1	None!
1	4 individual ink tanks, no waste, fast 8+ ppm
1	Small and compact. Easy to use. Great looking.
1	Great  customer  service  and  recieption
1	Great Camera
1	Easy to use
0	Poor flash, subject always turn out dark, expensive add ons.
0	none!
1	cheap, excellent photo-color, acceptable resolution, excellent software
1	Superior quality, easy to use, compact &amp;amp; light, plenty of extras with the camera and you can buy further lenses/accessories
1	Front LCD, side buttons, clarity
0	must be careful and become familiar with the camera for best use
1	Looks good on the outside
0	basket is inaccessable when seat is all the way down
0	Alittle Bulky to get out of the car. Car Seat is a Bit Heavy.
1	Color screen, digital camera, downloadable ringers
0	4mb storage card 
1	Tremendous flexibility  quality
1	Easy, many controls
0	Everything else!!!
0	I would like more idea on print size.. but no cons on camera itself.
0	none
0	photo size restrictions
0	Inadequate manual for something with so many features
1	Reliability, Small Form Factor
1	Setup, color, and cost
1	Great Print Quality
1	Quick Printing, Easy Set up, Great on screen help
1	Cheap, reasonable color, intuitive documentation
0	Choosing this Nokia 918 from other phones
0	none, that I can find.
1	quick shot, port capabilities, really easy to use, deleteable images
1	Inexpensive, all inclusive, simple to use.
0	Big, bulky, no frills
1	Unbreakable.  Easy to use.  Comfortable.  Sync ability.
1	Nice colors
0	Overprice cartridge
0	No ability to disable t-9. No included software for scheduler. No ring tones
0	not durable
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't seem to hold charge from docking station.  
1	Looks nice, sounds nice, is nice
1	affordable, good quality, and easy to use!  Fun for the whole family!
0	Lack of features, and low res compared to some other models out there.
0	Worthless manual
1	Many options. Clear pictures. 
1	Sturdy
0	If keypad lock is on and you bump the slide open a little, it unlocks.
1	look & feel, durability, large color screen, polyphonic ring-tones, flash light.
0	service with Tracfone is very expensive
0	READ BELOW
1	front swivel wheel, 5 point harness, lightweight, easy assembly
1	Very useful product
0	none
1	Reasonably priced, uses AA batteries and easy to use. 
0	Cheap parts and construction; screen tends to fail after a certain point
0	High operating cost
0	Battery life is poor, power pack connector is weak.
1	Light, durable, lots of options.
1	Suprisingly quick; borderless printing
1	Durability, ease of use.
0	battery charger; placement of shoulder strap
0	plastic "cheap" keypad, small screen, phone directory
1	takes pictures
0	Movie shot lasts for 40s only., Low battery life - 80mins most
1	Excellent Image Quality
1	Speakerphone, Durable
0	Larger form factor, no through the lens view finder
1	Ease of storage, Ease to maneuver
0	Shoots finished copies at you. Top load.
1	easy to use/affordable
1	Ease of use, quality of photos
1	Easy Floppy, Great Zoom, &amp;amp; Easy to use.
0	A bit pricey but discounts and specials available through carriers,no belt clip
1	HP quality, never jams, quiet, nice photo output
0	none
1	Hmmm...it makes a great doorstop? Oh, I know...It fits in your pocket.
0	Fairly expensive cartridges.
0	Kind of bulky in size
1	Sleek and chic, internal camera, good clarity of sound, bluetooth, classic Sony features.
0	Major software problems, retrieving stored numbers, clarity,
1	Size, features, build quality, picture quality, night shots, and many more to list.
0	green lid screen.
1	Cheap, Easy to use, acceptable quality
1	Good Reception, multi-color, integrates 100% with my car
0	battery cover tends to wear of.
1	Highest quality prints you will find - better than your photo shop
1	Great 7x optical lens, lots of features.
0	No cover for LCD
1	Small, Cute, Good lighting, Interesting interface.
0	Battery use &amp;amp; Mac compatability
0	none
0	Slightly thick chassis
1	Ease of use
1	semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
0	Joystick Breaks
0	Big size
0	Reception, Boring
0	TAKES BAD PICTURES
1	excellent clarity 
0	Slow upload port, red-eye feature doesn't work as promised
1	Quick printing, great color prints -  photo quality, economical
1	megapixel quality, easy to use
1	New low price. Quality product
0	gsm is expensive
1	Great price for the quality, clear printing, many shades, user-friendly.
1	Good price, Good Quality
0	Only available in GSM (but, I really like GSM)
1	everything about it after you upgrade
1	Smaller and Lightweight
1	Easy to Use, Fantastic Image Quality
0	Uses a lot of ink
1	light weight, small size, speaker phone, large phonebook, sound quality is good, very durable
1	Puny! Good quality, decent features, and inexpensive.
0	Weak flash, slow shooting
0	No USB connection
1	Small & Lightweight; very stylish; lots of features
1	Lightweight, Easy, Carl Zeiss, Image Quality, and Design.
1	Fantastic Color Output
1	compact, two way radio, great features
0	flash
0	Still a little heavy to lift.
1	Moderate Price, Great package deal
0	Lacks features FAR less expensive phones have, bulky, iTAP, internet slow, expensive.
1	Affordable price,, Light weight,, Good quality of pictures in day-light
1	Ease of use, size and price
0	Larger printer, slow printing with maximum dpi, doesn't come with a USB cable.
0	The phone does not turn to ring only when a charger is conneected.
0	Ink cost
1	Wide format, Easy to use, Professional image quality, Excellent price to performance ratio, Stylish
1	All-In-One, four separate printer cartridges, affordable price, 250 paper capacity
0	It's extremely slow
1	By far the best features and accessories for the price
1	Amazing Pictures, Quality, Versatility
1	cheap, easy to use
0	Left side of display sometimes difficult to read.
0	serial number erasble, auto focus problem, no 4 way controller, limited movie mode
0	None yet...
1	Battery life, camera, clarity, memory slot
1	Photo Quality, LCD Flip-out Screen
1	Compact size, quality build, decent photo quality, CF card capable
1	movie mode/ rotating LCD screen/memory stick
1	Good Talk Time, Camera, compact, flip phone.
1	Nice Keyboard, good display loads of features
0	Locking keys is a must
1	Tons of features for the $$$
0	CUSTOMER SERVICE
0	none that I've found yet
0	none
0	repairs take months, no usb connectivity, inaccuracy of colors,  cheap plastic frame
1	It's cheap.
0	Really bad screen with frustrating backlight options
1	Looks good
0	No Bluetooth
1	Cheap ink ($1.99 on Ebay)
0	not as advanced as some
1	Able to change individual Ink Supplies.
1	Versitility
1	Compact, flexible, light.
1	Screen is easy to read.
0	only 2x optical zoom. Only 8MB card included.
1	Easy to operate, floppy adapter saves on batteries
1	Small, flip phone, easy to use
0	Noisy lens, alot to learn (numerous functions)
1	Compact size, zoom, and great pictures
0	EXPENSIVE!
0	Nighttime photography is weak even with the flash
0	no ink level notifier, the price won't stay this low
1	Small, affordable
0	Tech support virtually non-existent; 
0	Colour, On/Off button
0	Manual, sunlight, ringtones, vibration
1	graphics, sound
0	A CMYK printer with an RGB driver. Hence the colours are wholly unadjustable and no pure colour is possible, Useless for colour unless you are a rank amateur
0	Instructions should be more user friendly. Manual assumes computer skills that a beginner may not have
1	speed, quiet, print quality
0	size
0	software crash all the time, photos would only half print
1	hot flash shoe, 10x, pre-set modes, size, AA batteries. 
1	snapshots, instant preview/review
1	Big, bright screen.  High speed. Great speakers.  Camera, video camera and light. Battery life.
0	sometimes slow, somewhat flimsy, average reception quality, average battery life on standby
1	Coolness Factor, size
0	large, heavy, no color screen
1	Fun, Practical, Easy Drive
1	small, compact convenient
0	Horrible software, extremely buggy. VERY DISFUNCTIONAL
0	EVERYTHING
1	Great megapixels, easy to use and upload, smallest digital camera in the market
1	Small and lightweight, Nice belt clip, good manual
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
0	expensive, no carrying case
1	Compact, but not teeny. easy-to-read display.
0	a bit slow and noisy
0	too many features, bad colors
1	Good for basic calling functions.
1	inexpensive,easy to use
0	Cost (though worth every penny to me), ...my mother never *did* figure out how to fold it.  It's not difficult  in general, but it's a three-step process.
1	A Great 1.2Mb Digital Camera
0	not very durable
0	small screen, uncomfortable volume buttons, no camera/bluetooth
1	Style, speaker phone, voice recorder, two-way direct-connect
0	Eats batteries like a big dog, glitchy
0	Poor quality cover, battery life is short, no MP3, no expandable memory!
1	High quality black text and Color printing.  Easy setup.
1	Good battery life
1	complete with pager
1	A great choice for people who just want a phone.
1	It looks sleek,and offers multifunctions at a very good price.
0	Tiny voice dialing button, slightly larger than other flips hard to see in daylight
1	Great enlarged shots
1	Easy to use, great software, light, cheap.
0	Serial downloads very slow, short alkaline battery life, manual focus system inadequate.
0	No manual modes to speak of
1	Excellent quality photos; outstanding zoom lens; understandable controls and operation.
1	Great design, and wheels, comfortable, easy to push
0	Ink carts are a little expensive
0	Size, front keypad, need to accessorize
1	separate cartridges, fast, quiet, efficient ink usage
0	expensive (duh)
0	Washed out photos.  White balance issues.  Lack of color saturation.
1	Great price, great quality, fast printer, nice straight-forward design and function
1	Decent print quality, large format, some interesting software
0	Ink can go fast if you print high quality photos or pictures regularly.
0	Doesn't Have Separate Color Wells, SLOW SLOW SLOW.
0	The battery doesnt last that long
1	3-In-1 Camera, Great Price!, Small size, 8 MB Memory
1	roomy, great fabric
0	big stroller
0	4 mb memory stick that comes with it should be bigger
1	neat charger, battery life, memory sticks, games, internet, keypad, camera, all other features...
1	Easy to use,light,big storage basket
0	Price?
1	Greatly Improved Interface, Looks COol!
0	Bit Hard to see blurred shots on LCD screen; Nose gets in way 
0	Limited service area with GSM, may pick up a lot of noise
0	None
0	less than crisp images
1	size, light-weight, picture quality, features
1	Sound quality; Long battery life
1	up close, point and shoot capabilities
0	Noisy, paper jams
1	Great quality print--both text and images, including photos, quick set-up, 1200 x 1200 resulotion
1	Perfect for point and shoot and quality, too.
1	Clear sound, loud ringer, loaded w/ features
1	looked durable
1	Offers superb printy quality
0	It only has a 2x optical zoom and eats batteries when using LCD monitor
1	Easy to set up, nevers jams, very fast, quiet, best value for the money
0	The cell phone lags.
1	Light, compact, simple, durable and attractive.
0	Only 16Mb Memory Stick supplied
1	A reasonable price for all of the functions it can perform.  Fairly simple to operate.
0	Even Best Buy says -DUMP IT!
0	must be careful with it or it may break
1	great price and decent pictures
0	Zoom control, price
0	Large unit, shutter button by "feel"
0	Conflict with AVI chipset renders printer virtually unusable
0	You'll go through ink cartridges like they're water., Print and scanner quality is lame., 
1	Cheap
0	bad clip, annoying voicemail alert, no speakerphone, grainy pictures
1	Great  pictures!
1	Comfort
1	Ergonomics; Voice-activated dialing; battery life; appearance
1	compact for small spaces, easy to use, 
1	Just about everything except GSM service: price, call quality, battery life, etc.
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	Lens cap lost easily; no USB; wide optical viewfinder 
1	Rugged, compact case.  Great optics, manual controls
1	Nice and compact
0	Battery life, encourages using network bandwidth, occasional hiccups
0	The Polaroid PDC 700 is a real battery sapper. No zoom lens. 
0	Don't know of any
1	Fundamentally usable. Well spaced buttons.
0	Small buttons and small LCD that is hard to read at times.
1	pretty display, nice colors, cheap
1	Picture Quality, Size, Media, Multi Modes (MPEG Video, Still Shot, Email, etc.), Accessories (Memory stick reader, memory stick printer) 
1	Crisp print-outs, excellent text documents, pretty good picture prints.
0	not reliable, heat &amp; x-ray sensitive
0	Battery gets hot on long calls.
0	Hard to find a cover. All the covers are a snap on plastic.
0	Cost, cost, cost
0	poor mpeg movie quality
0	Poor Indoor Shots, Battery Life
0	Feels fragile, massive red eye problems.
0	Read the review
1	Easy to set up, good quality prints
1	Lightweight and tiny; large display for its size; web access, calendar, calculator
1	Excellent photographic quality.
1	Lightweight, durable
0	Buggy Drivers and Expensive Cartridges
0	Night time display not viewable  on the camera viewer.
1	Nice quality, advanced functions, real-time TV output, easy to work with.
0	difficult to install, expensive to operate, reliability, slow speed
1	Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
0	you must push a series of buttons to get flash
1	Long battery life and excellent call reliability.  Closest thing I've seen to shock-proof electronics.
1	can take some abuse, loaded with features
0	Um. Not That Many Pics!
1	Great image quality, LCD screen, White Balance
1	Compact and easy to transfer pictures to the computer
1	Great pictures, can plug in SmartFlash cards and print without a computer, 
0	STILL HAVE TO USE THE MICROWAVE TO COOK POPCORN (UNTIL THE SCP-5000?)
1	User-friendly, but at the same time advanced. Design, functions color display.....
0	none to date
1	Feature set, photo quality, smooth operation
0	Low Battery Life, Antenna Too Flimsy, Outdated
1	sturdy, good features
0	Lack of utility in printer driver for inkjet replacement; print quality is wholly dependent on paper quality. 
1	zoom lens; stores images on floppies
0	Disconnected on lengthy calls, but good for someone who isn't on all the time.
1	Good resolution, zoom, memory, rechargeable batteries, software, LED screen, and photo options at a reasonable price.
1	Easy to handle, no flip front!
0	flimsy case, too many problems
1	high quality photos
1	Inexpensive, great quality prints, , three separate color low price ink cartridges
1	Stylish, thin, light, pics AND video, very durable
0	Not intuitive, will break
0	ABOVE
1	Awesome look, awesome ringtones, tons of features, 'get-it-now' enabled.
1	Speaker phone.
0	Format compatibility - issues with EPS files
0	2.5hr talking battery life, unable to resize text on main screen, small memory, camera resolution
0	Limited ring tone selection.
1	Cute, light weight, compact, decent display screen
1	easy to use and install, software that comes with it, not too expensive
1	print quality
1	Easy to use. Great photos even in a very dark room.
1	Looks great, small
1	Works great out of the box, outstanding picture quality, battery flexibility
0	Short battery life, flimsy antenna, prone to random malfunctions
0	noise
0	EXTREMELY poor quality
1	Incredible ease with a few pointers
1	detail; price
1	Excellent image quality and easy to use buttons
1	no film, digital display, flash, good pictures, fun to use, TV and computer compatible
1	Sleek and ergonomic design
1	Unbeatable price, high quality output
0	need coated, costly paper and high res for good quality printouts, noisy and slow
0	Size, ink compatibility, speed
1	Cheap, fairly good print quality for the price
1	easy to assemble and use, attractive, all-terrain 
1	Inexpensive, Great black and white output
1	this phone is very easy to use and has good reception, clear as a bell.
1	Affordability
1	Quality shots/2 compactflash slots
0	Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, see cons in review
0	Somewhat heavy with batteries, battery muncher
1	Easy to use, compact in size, instructions are easy to understand
0	the price
1	Printer/Scanner/Copier/Fax all in one
0	limited memory
0	Have not found yet
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	Light Weight, compact size, excellent features for the money
0	It is expensive if you aren't going to be using it a lot.
1	triband (GSM-compatible); backlit numbers, fun camera, decent menus + good reception and sound
1	inexpensive good features
0	poor flash range, memory stick prices (not any more)
0	Awkward antenna, pressing key and sound of button don't sync, little thick.
0	A little expensive to use
1	Price, Speed, Quality of Printout
0	Awkward menus, bad holster, low quality for Motorola.
0	Expensive, print quality LESS impressive compared to Canon/Epson.  Very problematic drivers.
0	No external caller ID, limited accessories, charger port cover easy to lose.
0	Poor quality camera.
0	Speed
0	Outside button controls are susceptible to unintended use, byzantine and repetitous option procedures
0	no optical zoom, images blurry when taken too far away or in dim lighting
0	None
1	Windows 2000 Compatibility; Easy Setup/Use; Price
0	little expensive, little hard to figure out how to attatch pictures
1	convenient size, easy to use, expandable, good software
0	Focusing problems in certain situations
0	not suitable for 2 pretoddlers
1	Size, shape, weight, color, reception, Internet, voice dialing, talk time and hands-free safety
1	Inexpensive, Quicker if not better than scanning pictures
1	Durability, Accesories, Battery Life
1	See above.
1	Durable and capable. Camera, bluetooth, games. Upload or download your own sounds, images and videos.
0	only supports Type I CF cards
0	Screen gets dirty easily, poor battery life
1	Great resolution, fantastic buy if discounted, $75 Nikon rebate through 04/01.
0	The price. The price. The price...ouch
0	battery life. software setup could be better
0	Battery life, Software, Buttons, durability.
1	Ease of operation
0	Everything else
1	Fast, Sleek, Compact, Top Quality
0	Uses a lot of ink
0	not one bad thing about it.
1	low price, great if used every day
1	inexpensive
1	long battery life
1	Large color screen; polyphonic ring tones; TETRIS!!
1	Very lightweight and folds and unfolds easily - even with one hand!
1	Quality
0	speed, paper jams (all the time)
0	kinda expensive and the annoyance of purchasing talk time
1	Fits through store doors, can handle larger kids
0	durability, flaky LCD connection, no WAP, can't store email addresses, not a world phone
0	Can't Download Ringers, T9 Word style of entering in info is confusing but optional
0	Pricey, considering it doesn't come with AC adapter or good photo editor.
1	lightweight, durable, great sound and ringtones, speakerphone is nice feature, as well
0	fancy stuff costs loads of your tarriff doesnt support free or cheap WAP
0	Does it really need to be this wide?
1	High Quality printing
0	none
0	No  optical viewfinder, flash weak and far too close to lens
0	Loud Loud Loud
0	Loud and long time to shut off and on. 
1	Easy navigation, speakerphone, large display, battery life
0	You'll want to pick up a bigger memory card and rechargeable AA batteries
0	Headset doesn't have answer/hangup button.
0	Antenna seems flimsy, but easy to replace if broken, Expensive Batteries!&#13;&#10;
0	Wish I could find a camera that does elapse time frames.
0	Poor Color print quality, very noisy, poor customer support
1	I liked the fact that it was a camera phone...
1	Small, durable, many features
0	no color
1	Great design, solid, swappable face plate
1	easy to use,LCD,Good quality,Price,stylish
0	A little slow
1	Quiet, fast, dependable, great price, easy memory expansion
1	Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy to use
0	BAD color.  Not Windows XP compatible.
1	Beautiful pictures
1	Truly outstanding print quality
1	Quality printing, Quick Copying, Photo printing, Scanning, paper handling
0	Battery life, Phone book difficult to quickly navigate
1	battery life, color display, clarity
1	Camera/Video.
1	Small elph size.  Fine photos.  Easy to use.  Many, many options.
0	Color photo output requires special paper for best results
0	The price of cartridges and paper, however, it is still cheaper than having photos developed.
0	Smallish Buttons
1	Compact, easy to navigate menu, 
0	None
0	hefty price
0	not the greatest speed
1	Great Pictures! Easy to use! 
0	Battery life could use improvement, display letters are odd
1	Good features and nice screen.
0	Mediocre printing, copying and scanning.
0	small memory chip, takes a couple of minutes to down load pictures to your pc.
1	Photo Quality, Ease Of Use
1	Portable, easy to use
1	Very stylish. Easy to operate.Great battery life.
0	scratches easily
1	Print quality, low-ink warning, easy set-up, great price
1	Easy to use, good clear picture, good software.
1	Clean design, intuitive, quick to learn
1	Great phone
0	Doesn't  have a swivel body. 
0	non yet!
0	Loud, printer head malfunctions, not very responsive
0	Battery life isn't great, BUT acceptable
0	I have not seen one yet
0	No video/audio recording, ships w/ small memory card
0	Small Buttons
1	Small, well located controls, viewfinder &amp; clear 2.5x zoom, lens addons
1	Fabulous pic quality, many manual features
1	nice shape, used by many people, caller ID, custom face plates
0	Pictures fuzzy , grayish, and low-quality.  Slow Clicker.
0	none that I can see
0	"Error communicating with the printer" - DOES NOT work with XP, Compaq &amp; Dell PCs
0	Color choice, aesthitics and general appearance of the phone.
1	all-in-one - printer, copier, gray-scale scanner
0	Heavy,  Basket inaccessible, Probably was not the best choice for our needs
1	$20 phone and it very easy to use
1	Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life
0	Price of ink replacement cartridges.
1	Great reception.  Easy to use features.  Great size.
0	Bulky, no optical zoom.
1	Attractive new look from Epson, easy to install.
1	Features, Sound Quality
0	Uses lots of photo paper(lol)
1	Camera, ringtones, user-friendly
1	Good Output, Nice DPI
0	None as far as I'm concerned
0	customer service leaves room for improvement
0	HORRIBLE interface, high SAR rating,  wimpy standby time, and not sexy
0	Too small for some.
1	I can get generic cartridges very cheap. Decent quality picture printing.
1	Great lens, excellant quality
0	Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
1	digital camcorder ability, inexpensive, fun
1	Color Screen, Small size, PTT option
1	You get a printer, copier, fax, and scanner all in one machine!
0	Expensive
1	Long use and stand by time
1	Easy to set up. Excellent copy quality.
0	Battery could last longer but hey 4 days ain't bad
0	... most fall short of the promise.
0	Everything
1	Small and light weight.
0	I'll let you know when I find one!
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use,  Low Cost
1	good menu, nice display, attractive
1	Small, lots of features.
1	Easy to Use, Software &amp;amp; Hardware
0	No optical zoom, mechanical defect with lens cap
0	If durability is high on your list than this phone should not be.
1	Easy to use, great quality and worth the money
1	Lightweight, easy to use, takes up to 100 + photos
0	Wish zoom control on top; on/off switch part of mode dial (like Canon EOS)
1	small, sleek design; long battery life; excellent reception; loads of goodies
1	Infrared, Surfs the Internet, Functions as a Wireless Modem, Small/Lightweight & Durable design
1	It comes in a variety of colors
1	Price, quality, speed
0	Picture view area gets nose prints
1	lightweight, great battery performance, great reception, looks nice
0	proprietary battery and charger.
0	strong and reliable
0	costley refills.  $46.00 each
1	Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
1	Most advanced model in standard, a voice set, cable and earphone in a package
0	Charger problems, automatic disconnects, scratches easily, no zoom or flash on camera
1	Inexpensive for the novice
1	Handy when it works
1	Good performance
0	You get what you pay for. Very poorly executed features
1	Easy install, great quality, HP durability
1	Light Weight, Intuitive, Abundant Features
0	none thus far
0	flimsiness
0	batteries are expensive, recommend rechargables, also memory is expensive to upgrade
1	Looks Good but that's about it.
1	Excellent print quality, fast, good included software, quiet, inexpensive to operate.
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Underfeatured, non-standard batteries
0	Expensive, ink cartridges are small, paper holder has low capacity
0	A little too little
1	Easy to use, cheap price
1	Prints wonderully, Warms up quickly
0	The reception is horrible.
0	scratches very easily, not enough memory for photo capacity and text  messaging.
0	not reliable
1	HP Quality
1	Easy to use. Quick assesable menu, and hotkeys.
1	Durability, Dependability, Size, Price . . .
0	Slow transfer time via serial port
0	price; almost too many features
1	easy to fold and open, car seats snap in and come out easy
0	None for me.
0	Hard to text message
0	Bulky, print quality is average
1	much better than a 35mm, ease of operation, plenty of features, great clarity on the LCD screen
1	Great price for a flatbed laser
1	Voice Recognition Hands Free Kit, Memory, Reception
0	Internal contacts on number pad are terrible, random numbers displayed, must try redialing at times.
0	Colors stop printing, heads clog, no amount of cleaning will unclog; prints are then unacceptable
0	viewfinder difficult  to see in sunlight.
1	Very Good for home office use.
1	Perfect Size, Right Amount of Features
0	Sony's Memory Stick not widely used by other Manufacturers
1	It is multi-functional, nice-looking, powerful for an average user's needs
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	Too much phone, will you surf the net from a phone?
1	Slim, sleek and does what it's supposed to do
0	Not very rugged.  Numerous quirky problems.
1	Suburb photos, point and shoot, good battery life, excellent customer service, dummy proof.
1	Low-price printer with readily available accessories
0	sometimes out of focus on moving objects
0	only fair paper handling
0	Tricky USB installation routine, different body styling.
1	Olympus lens,light weight,small size, great pictures, lots of features.
0	Cost of getting a rechargeable battery
0	Sound quality is below average, drops calls frequently, not many aftermarket addons
1	Cheap
1	Great up close pictures
1	Great  Features, Awesome Pictures, 
1	Great Technology, awesome idea, has everything in a phone that I want.
0	RECEPTION!
1	great auto mode, AA batt, great value
0	I can't think of anything I don't like
1	Great picture easy to use
1	Clarity, reception, size, overall quality.
0	Battery life in talk mode
1	6 in one unit, doesn't take up much space.
0	Too easy to accidentally push a button; voice dial keeps resetting
1	6 ppm black 5 ppm color, long lasting ink cartridges
0	size, cannot find it.
1	Price, size, durability
0	heavy, bulky, only 2 recline options
0	poor flash; documentation
0	Other than the included manual, none
1	Cheap, great image quality, easy file transfer to PC
1	Great Point 'N Shoot. Great Pictures. Software is easy to use and Intuitive.
1	Great value, easy to set up
1	Inexpensive, Great Printer that puts out High Quality images
0	other cameras have better resolution, and do better in low light
0	Limited zoom, special battery
0	No USB
0	Sensitive to paper used, large footprint
0	Not many features
1	Battery Life, Durable
0	Unusable Data and Voice Service via T-Mobile
1	Classy camera for a decent price.
1	CHEAP
0	Batteries run out fast, uploading slow
1	Great resolution, easy to use (point and click)!!
0	expensive ink and paper
0	no lens cap
1	Built-in media readers!  Impressive print quality.  And SO quiet!
0	some chromatic aberration, focus has trouble in low light, no optical viewfinder 
1	Great Pictures,  User Friendly
1	Compact size, lots of programming options
0	Sound quality, No Caller Groups, T9 text entry is bothersome,
0	small screen for mobile web
1	Picture quality, Twist body
1	GREAT features - lightweight, easy folding, basket, reclining, hood, high handles
1	Good size.  Fairly easy to set up.  Good quality prints (when it works).
0	toll number
1	Small size, great pictures, semi-pro features.
1	easy to use, saves to disk
1	good picture, good interface, good price
0	Takes up too much space, fast ink use
1	Durable; Strong Antenna; Excellent Reception; Voice Dialing; Good User Interface
1	Sleek, stylish candybar-style phone with great reception, lots TALK TIME and loads of features!
0	learning curve, battery eater
1	Good price for resolution and ease of use
0	It takes awhile sometimes to take a photo.  
0	size, volume
1	Big clear screen, quality photos, voice recognition, clear sound, adequate memory, compact & lightweight.
0	cheaply made
0	Bulky and battery life isn't very high. Menu options are a bit clumsy.
1	Excellent features
1	None
1	Easy to use and sharp pictures
1	Removable storage, PC connection, great video quality and well as sound
1	Very sturdy, easy to &amp;quot;pilot&amp;quot;, comfy
0	Internal flash, Time lag for the trigger
1	sharp images, many features, lower cost
0	Long delay after pressing shutter, bad resolution, horrible battery life
0	a little slow and now black cartridge comes with it.
1	All the manual features needed and more
1	It was free.
1	Inexpensive
0	Poor reception, long boot time, drops calls, bulky, non intuitive user interface
1	affordable and great for the beginner
1	It's sleek and light weight
0	eats AA batteries fast
1	Extremely customizable; excellent sound; great features; fun games; inexpensive.
0	Not Acceptably Compatible with Windows NT or Windows 2000, Poor Battery Life, Poor LCD Display
1	simplicity
1	size, weight
0	photo printing has detectable dots, extra software doesn't work on Macintosh
0	Storage time on the microdrive
0	black and white screen
1	Scans well, Prints quickly, Photocopies effortlessly, inexpensive
1	For the occasional use it's price is well worth it.
1	Very convenient, good pictures. I've been using it for more than three years
0	No web access, weak owners guide
1	Paper feed, text and image quality are fine, it gets things done generally
0	can't think of one.
1	CAMERA SOUND, CAMERA ZONE, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA do not honor their website prices!
0	none, yet
1	everything...it takes great photos and is lightweight, inexpensive and fairly easy to learn
1	excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
0	ink is expensive, 
1	Super durable. best reception I've seen with great voice clarity. A working mans phone.
1	good battery life, very clear
0	battery life is terrible
0	Signal too weak, using it too frustrating.
0	Poor battery life.
0	bad quality phone, hard to navigate, exposed buttons, Sprint customer service
0	Kind of big.
1	SLR, Ease of use, accurate color, professional features, 3FPS, 36bit color depth, multi-point focus
0	none
1	Free, Seems to have lots of features, if you can get them to work.
0	Some complexity of menus/settings, need to stabilize for telephoto shots
0	Product discontinued, only available "preowned".
1	Stylish, sturdy, and an improvement over its predecessor.
1	cute
0	really bad software, bad computer connection
1	Good RF Performance.
0	short battery life
0	Canon BJC 2110:  cheap print quality, bland colors, SLOW
0	Ink cartridges are small, otherwise a great printer!
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	No shutter speed or aperture control.
1	small, easy to carry
0	Squeaky, Not so attractive
0	None
0	Annoying bugs in software, GPRS useless, not tri-band, no camera or bluetooth, small memory.
0	Feels Cheap/Sounds Cheap, Display Hard To Read, Lack of Features, Hard-To-Find-Accessories
0	Doesn't work properly, poor customer service, noisy, slow
1	Easy to use, monitors ink volume levels, good scans
0	Weak flash, limited zoom
0	Red-eye reduction not very good, comes with small memory stick.
0	feels junky
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
1	Good quality print &amp; copy, easy to use, can work from keypad w/out computer
0	No built in zoom
1	great print quality
1	small; lightweight; decent screen
1	Cheap, affordable, great customer service, no phone bill, downloads, goes off by itself
0	can't call out of servicing area
0	Poor low-light quality, awful flash, stopped working after a month
0	You have to open the printer and swap cartridges to change from color to B&amp;amp;W
0	Maybe too tiny, Nokia accessories are expensive.
0	Long lag time to warm up before printing.
1	Extremely fast, Separate inks, High resolution photos, Easy set-up
0	drinks ink fast, many undocumented features
0	inktank dryout, poor quality, lack of customer service
0	Pictures are not accurate when taken from LCD mode  
1	Great camera, cheap media, nice pictures, powerful options.
1	Small size, good features, customizable look
1	Easy, portable, looks great
1	Innexpensive, Good B&amp;amp;W Printer
1	Size, clarity, signal strength, and decent talk time
0	Would have been nice to have a floppy adapter or USB connectivity.
0	Awful interface, bad feature set
1	good photos, nice size, interesting scene mode, great quick view.
1	Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
0	no games, becoming outdated
0	Lack of ring tones, wallpaper and screensavers; poor clarity; poor caller-ID.
0	sometimes noisy
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech support
1	Great picture quality, easy to use.
0	Only 1216X932
1	Design, Factor, Look & Feel, Phone Functions, Bluetooth
1	size
0	low quality colour prints, short cable
1	battery life
1	lightweight, easy to maneuver, durable
0	Noisy, Quality isn't as good
0	red-eye
0	No USB cable, Easy-PhotoPrint Software lacking in options
1	Cheap
0	LCD Screen is placed oddly, stupid prong connection, over time prongs will bend.
0	Horrible paper feed
0	No case or lens cap holder.
1	Cheap, cute, sturdy, reliable
0	Phone book organization (though it might be just me)
0	battery life is very poor.  Video option sound quality is poor.  
0	weak flash, limited macro, limited software
0	no manual zoom, very functional but needs some getting used to, a little pricey
0	May be too small for some people
0	Heavy, bulky, sound quality, no color graphics to liven the phone up a little.
1	Looks great, easy to use, many features
1	Admirable quality photo reproduction
1	USB Camera, Small, Compact Design
0	None
0	battery is not great
1	Style, Features.
0	Screen hard to see in bright sunlight, camera not as good as current phones.
0	battery hungry!
1	perfect for printing pictures
1	Lightweight, intuitive interface, long battery life, loaded with features, great price
0	Fades in and out when it shouldn't.  Poor call quality.
0	Very light weighted!
1	Very inexpinsive
1	Easy to use, Uses standard floppy disk.
0	Doesn't have a calendar or other fancy PDA like tools
0	Expensive
0	Cannot connect to devices. Options on phone limited due to type of service.
0	hard on batteries
0	Warm up time
1	Excellent sound quality, very thin and light, very stylish
0	Expensive of course
1	Size, durablity, tons of features!
1	Cheap, excellent print quality, easy to set up, fairly quick.
1	Perfect for 35mm SLR users, great price
0	Menus a little slow at times.
0	The rest of it
1	Simple to use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
0	LCD screen not very bright, No way to connect striaght to TV.
1	A Cheap, easy to use camera.
0	short grip necessitates optional battery pack and extended grip for big hands. Exposed LCD.
0	Utterly Losuy pictures in extreme.
1	Good picture view, outstanding picture quality, so convenient and versatile.
0	Game is not enough and there are all old games.
1	Durable, easy to use, quality pics, compact flash memory
1	Output, quality, features, quiet
0	None (see review)
0	Not for the Computer illiterate
1	Smooth ride, easy folding
1	energy saver hibernation; price
0	Very little memory for image files.
0	Just a little slow, but that's it!
1	Great picture quality, great features for price, USB, easy to use
0	Should be packaged with case or at least a lens cap.  No Macro.
0	none
1	None.
1	awesome accesories, lots of features
1	Real clear
0	can't download other tones
0	Bad color quality, low res, getting the pictures out of the camera
0	Not as flashy as some other phones
1	Price, features, availability, accessories easy to obtain
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	phonebook (can get used to it), alarm must be set with 24hour clock
0	display can be difficult to see in bright light, power hungry
1	Sprint Service, plays music
0	Support, Features, Accessories
0	Computer Interconectivity/Functionality
1	Great feel, size, weight
1	Cheap recording media - 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disks
0	Expensive, Only 1.44 on each floppy
1	Cheep, good quality, good battery life
1	Can't think of one
1	features, ease of use, use of floppy disk
1	Pictures taken stored on floppy disk
0	All of my calls are dropped, shuts off for no reason, screen repeatedly goes blank
1	Great design, compact, nice cost.
1	Compact, easy to open and close, great for on the go parents
0	None!
1	Fairly quiet, easy to refill cartridges, good output on expensive coated paper. Fair grayscale handling.
1	Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
0	still trying to figure out some of the features
1	user friendly, use of compact flash cards and AA size batteries
0	does not come with usb/parallel cable!!!
0	Can be hard to open and close.
0	Expensive Cartridges, Lousy Tech Service from India, Overpriced, Faulty Paper Sensor, Time Waste 
0	No speakerphone (not too many flips have it), illogical icon menus, poor manual.
1	EASY EASY EASY! beautiful printing, bright colors, FAST!
0	high cost of ink, slower than advertised.
1	Free in most cases, lots of features, AOL IM client.
0	Talk time is decreased (possibly to the new style battery)
1	Fast, clear printing. Easy USB support.
1	Video, Photos, Easy Menu,  BLUETOOTH
1	very good converged device, works well as a cell phone
0	Reception, Nextel Service, Bulky, Heavy, Ugly, Ring Tones, You Name It
1	very small
0	Wish the zoom was greater
0	Bit old and not as good as newer phones, but oh well
0	Reception?  Maybe.
1	Affordable, 3x optical zoom, excellent 4x6 prints without film
0	Serial connection too slow, included memory too small
1	Nothing
1	Flash modes, good display, USB, common AA (non-proprietary) batteries, acceptable picture quality.
1	not a brick,camera,easy to use,great coverage!easy to get skins and cases,price
1	Outstanding image quality, features, USB connectivity
0	Battery life is short when using flash constantly.
1	Price, resolution, macro lense, ability to take photos in low-light
1	Big pics crystal clear, kid can use it, very light, long battery life
0	no movie mode, relatively slow 
0	Atrocious, annoying, frustratingly complex and inefficient user interface.  Hand-free headsets break frequently.
1	none
0	Durability may not be great. Hard to handle.
1	Great price
0	MP3 feature silly, Battery Life, Storage.
1	Size, Style, Vibrate mode, Battery life
1	Durable, All the right features
0	looks, ring- tones
0	Poor quality and eats batteries
1	Excellent resolution, Excellent Features, Able To Add Audio To Your Pictures And Video Clips!
0	battery usage
1	Great Speed, Water Resistant Ink, Individual Color Cartridges, Highly Reliable, Great Looking.
1	EASE OF USE
0	No industry standard headset connector.
1	Easy to use, great pictures, versatile, no "special" cards are needed to hold pictures
0	slow interface, clarity only decent, so-so reception, WAP's useless, slow text input
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	Camera is sufficient.
1	Neat camera and video.
1	ease of use,picture quality,privacy,features
0	Expensive phone and Expensive Accessories
0	price
0	Who wrote that handbook?
0	Not good for use in tight places
0	Modest to short battery life.
0	See A Few Concerns , 
0	Hard to hear, bad performance.  Awkward menus
0	LCD Screen power consumption
0	none
0	Battery life and zoom
1	Highly detailed images. Vivid, accurate color. Great battery life.
0	big,expensive,JetAdmin tool unstable
1	excellent picture quality
0	Seems easily broken if it gets banged.  Battery life so-so if using lcd.
1	Good fast quality.
0	none
0	hard to fold, takes up a lot of room
1	Price, zoom, ease of use, durability
0	Battery consumption, lack of memory, inaccurate view finder.
0	none that we've found!
1	the blue face meant I didn't need to spend $20 more on a face plate
0	slow bootup, plastic battery case, mediocre camera, no street addresses
1	double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet 
1	Fantastic, bright lens, intuitive controls (for most-used features), great picture quality
1	Great pics that are easy to create. CD storage is cheap
0	loud, uses a lot of ink which is expensive
1	good value, USB reader, good quality shots, small
1	Small, awesome color, battery life, form, and functionality.
0	packaged with 8MB MemoryStick and no carrying case!
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
0	Can&#146;t send text messages,  battery life
1	high quality, inexpensive product
0	too numerous to mention
0	None that I've found
0	Only single band. Washed out screen. Reflective chrome around screen. Screen on while charging.
1	Flip phone, fits easily in a pocket, easy to use, durable.
1	Many features, if you can get the phone to work in the 1st place.
0	complicated
0	no clips or carriers exist that allow you to see who's calling without removing first
1	Inexpensive and takes low quality pictures good enough for the web and e-mail.
1	Great Price &amp; takes ordinary batteries
1	Size, style, durability, OS, sound, reception.
1	Voice Dialing
0	No Linux support
0	Difficult to see LCD screen on bright days; a bit grainy in low light
1	Not too expensive
0	NONE
1	size, price
1	Prints excellent quality photos and copies.
0	rather wide, no free roaming wireless web or organizor programs
0	Weak flash light, non intuitive zoom control buttons, for amateurs only
0	Crashes, loses data, keys dying, audio too soft, disastrous user interface.
0	Not for images.
1	Small and portable, has zoom!
1	faster and just as good
0	off/on switch is in a bad location, uses your PC 's memory
0	NO POWER BUTTON!
0	No lens cover, battery life is horrid.
0	expensive, made in China, questionable quality of materials
1	Great
1	Inexpensive, 0.4 Pico-liter nozzle
1	TFT screen,, expandability in memory, viewfinder
0	Few second wait for picture, price, battery use.
0	Very little memory, won't be enough if you like clicking pictures.
0	still a ways to go on the voice recognition technology, batt. life, volume
0	Battery life
0	3.1 Mega Pixels is ALOT but it would be nice to have more!
1	relatively cheap, automatically shuts off it you forget to turn it off.  Good picture size
0	Ink cartridges can be a little hard to come by, but you can order them direct from Lexmark online.
0	flimsy zoom-button
1	Good screen, has games and can send messages.
0	light turns off too fast
0	Needs adapter for USB, 
0	Really uses up batteries fast, power adapter is kinda expensive
0	This model has been discontinued
1	Inexpensive, Decent Picture Quality, InfoLithium Capability, MPEG Movies
1	Ultraslim aluminum metal case, bright display, Bluetooth, loud speakerphone, internal antenna
1	5MP, F/1.8 lens, hot shoe, Compact Flash, AA batteries, great value.
1	fast, reliable, easy-to-use, easy-to-configure, just works kinda printer
0	Larger than expected
1	Cellphone and handsfree kit in one
0	jams paper and uses alot of ink really fast
1	Reliable and affordable
1	No more films to be developed!!!
1	Good Photo quality printing
0	Talk and End button could be a little bigger.
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
1	hiqh quality, intuitive, and durable
1	Excellent camera
0	Sporadic signal, slightly large, battery life not that great, Sprint Vision expensive and quirky.
1	1) Amazing battery life..it runs and runs...
1	Manual controls empower you to be creative.
0	Slow Photo Printing
0	Bad Pictures.
0	None
0	Shape is the only real drawback
1	It looks cute.
1	Sleek look and feel, large screen, great sound
1	Looks like a cool phone (though in fact it's not!)
1	Small, Stylish, Good battery life, speed and voice dialing
1	Changeable Face Plates, Small enough to fit in pocket or small purse
1	Buttons should be at top
0	I keep dialing numbers by accident from my purse.
0	No vibrate only, difficult to open, FRAGILE
1	Easy to use, excellent quality pictures
1	Reliable and  TOUGH!  Performs to Specs.
0	slow data transfer, poor battery usage
0	Size, Cartridge Cost
0	Could use a slightly faster lens (f 2.0), but not  absolutely necessary.
1	Great camera
1	Amazing printing quality for such a cheap printer
1	light, great maneuvering, cleans
1	Size, Customizable, Clear LCD Screen
0	must read manual, battery
0	Too slow for larger work environments
1	ease of use, daylight photo quality
1	Easy to use, takes great pictures. 
0	short battery, press any key-press to put through
0	Won't serve a cup of coffee (but it will print a great one!)
1	Amazing Battery Life and call quality
1	4 Megapixels, Bright Display, Easy to use, advanced features, 12x digital zoom, compact
1	Does it all, fast, quality output, easy to use
0	640x480 is the highest resolution and 320x240 resolution is USELESS
0	Expensive
1	Price Vs Quality
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, good quality.
0	durability, volume
0	LCD lifetime/durability questionable
0	NONE significant enough to keep me from buying it again.
1	Lots Of Features, Easy To Use, Great Price
1	Excellent image, 35mm competitor, excellent overall features
1	Clear, good-quality print jobs
0	Ink costs, but so do all multifunction printer ink.
1	Great photos, many features
0	bad with pictures, paper not always read
1	Camera, Smart Card, Speakerphone, Uploadable Phone Numbers, Case has nice nonslip feel.
0	worst stroller I have ever used
0	Battery conn, Service Bad,no case
1	Cheap, will get the job done
0	Main screen is hard to read, no blank wallpaper
1	Good Price
1	No problem whatsoever.
1	al light conditions, small, good quality images, zoom, eliminates red eye, no more film
1	Everything
0	Antenna breaks
1	Intergrated antenna, interchangable covers, nice looks, good reception, lots of features, small size.
0	Comes only a wrist strap; a neck strap would be better
0	Everything else
1	white backlit, activated slide, voice tag
0	A little noisy
1	1 Megapixel, Price, Zoom, Easy to use, great indoor quality.
0	borken less than 6 weeks
1	Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
0	Menu System, Short Battery Life, Monochrome Display.
1	Usr friendly and good quality
0	Can't find cartridges.  Have to use high quality paper for a good picture.
0	Software driver, print speeds
0	change batteries often, pictures larger than 8x10 loose detail
1	ease of use, picture clarity, price
0	none
1	Decent resolution
1	Small, well designed, good lens &amp; affordable
1	Small, Light, Stylish, backlight
0	Rather large footprint, slow, and ink tends to dry up when not used frequently. 
1	Easy to use, great navigation system, great color screen, outside display, stylish & sleek
1	USB and parallel ports for easy printer sharing
1	Easy to use.  Takes decent pictures.
1	Excellent color quality
0	Annoying Paper Tray
1	Small, durable, attractive, easy to use, great pics
0	Expensive, weak flash
0	Single band, a lot of returns
1	Excellent for college! Perfect size, durability, phonebook w/voice identification, PRICE, overall quality.
1	Blackjack game
0	Can't be networked.
0	Not flashy.  Not compatible with some old bluetooth gear.
0	Not very resilient
1	Direct Connect, Durable, Options can be added
1	Will fit in your purse
1	Durability, interface, battery.
1	Floppy disk-easy to use
1	Cheap, holds lots of pictures, and anti-redeye.
1	Extremely capable camera, high image quality, accurate colors, fast.
1	Well Balanced phone
1	a great home office printer that does a fabulous job on photos
1	Small, nice looking, nice ring tones
0	Optional Case is junk. Lens cover sometimes pops out of alignment.
1	Floppy Disk
0	very high battery consumption
0	not many really, does what it should at this price well
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of features.
1	Good price, nice quality, easy to use, trusted brand.
0	Might be a little slow sometimes. Has not polyphonic ringtones.
1	Two-sided printing, quiet, long lasting ink cartridges, envelope feed, quality print
0	crummy belt holder, can't turn ringer off silently
0	Mind of it own
0	Color Correction is a little confusing.
1	Fast, great color and print quality
1	This printer, from an avid photographer, is an awesome piece of technology.
0	Size, feel on wrist
1	small phone, inexpensive
0	Picture quality is not great; unless you buy their HP Premium Papers, cartridges expensive
0	Small flash card (4MB) included, Slow serial data transfer
1	Good Quality Pictures. Easy to use. Price was great! 
1	camera is easy to use, base is SUPERB, great quality still shots
0	Feature poor, bad value, mediocre reception, not-so-great interface.
0	Bad reception, battery slides off too easily, doesn't always ring
1	small, light, easy to use, good as a backup or second printer
1	Ultra-compact, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
1	Soild engineering, tried-and-true phone
1	Affordable
1	Easy to use, zoom, panorama
1	image quality, value,ease of use
1	prints fast, ink lasts a long time, visually pleasing
1	Fun, cool, big screen, intuitive/easy to use
1	Cool phone. Has LOTS and LOTS of features. Excellent user interface, battery life.
0	No optical viewfinder...
1	Good reception, voice quality, and features.
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
1	Great photo print quality -&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent color graphics
1	Excellent print quality;  17 pages per minute speed;light weight machine
0	Battery life is problematic. Slow camera reaction makes timing snapshots difficult.
1	BEST customer service representatives I have EVER dealt with!  Please continue to see why!
1	Great quality when it works right
0	Poor zoom.  Lack of memory.
0	Just about everything.
0	lots of problems
0	night shot doesnt work well
1	Nice picture quality
1	Great reception, dual-band, good battery life.
0	Standard paper tray is a little flimsy
1	None.
0	Short  battery life, practically useless memory card, AC adapter not included.
1	Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
0	Autofocus difficult in low light &amp; at anything except full wide-angle.
1	good print quality
0	To get use with the menu sometimes seems a little bit strange
0	EPSON DROPS THE BALL ON MAC OSX PRINTER DRIVERS!!!
0	Bulky.
1	Great price, good image quality, easy to use
0	Could not find the ink cartridges at COSTCO.
0	Only a 3X zoom
1	Small (for the US), sleek, one good game, intuitive to use.
0	too many options, do they know when enough is enough?
0	Un-ergonomic, fragile, battery weak
0	no headphone jack or memory expansion slot.
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
1	Great quality, light, easy to carry, good battery life
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos in daylight
1	Easy to use, good sound quality, long battery life, attractive and lightweight phone
0	Supplies can be expensive, drivers aren't 100% XP friendly - yet
1	low-end Cameraphone, mp3 ringtones, 65K color display, mediocre speakerphone, USB port for uploading/downloading
0	none
0	Susceptible to jamming
1	Ink saving features are a great addition; FABULOUS Customer Service; Very Competitive Prices!
0	Zoom is less than perfect, feature menu cumbersome, included software not up to snuff
0	Cingular software.  Small navigation keys.
1	Cheap and easy to use. Decent quality for the price.
0	heavy, expensive
0	None in my opinion
1	price, good quality printer, fast, supports both USB and parallel
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A bit large.
1	Great pictures, lots of storage.
0	Strange antenna, nearly impossible to remove battery cover
0	One is better than none
0	The holder is not practical they need a new design.
0	none
1	Easy to Use, Sharp photos, good interface
1	Looks nice, crisp display and very clear sound quality, great battery life
0	No good ring types, occasional echo effect
1	Great zoom, good feature set
1	Excellent picture quality!
0	Uses color ink fairly quickly. Hard to find 860 ink refills on the staples.
1	Great pictures, full SLR controls on shutter, exposure, aperture, rechargeable batteries and charger, 3x zoom, 32MB SmartMedia card included. Fast autofocus. Durable design.
0	Drying ink tanks, bad cleaning, bad paper feed, very bulky.
0	Picture quality is not ideal, no flash
0	useless small CF card included, access time slower with larger card
0	Need to buy the slim battery in order to make phone less bulky
1	It prints fast and produces some nice photo prints!
0	Flimsy, flimsy!  Both screens have gone out twice in the last 6 months...
1	Great inexpensive digital camera
0	Batteries Do Not Last
0	Bare-bones Mac driver; PostScript not available
0	Pricey refills, cartridges dry up too fast
1	Stylish(cute), metal housing, weather proofed, great resolution
0	LCD screen has failed on two of my Kyocera 2235's; cheap build quality
1	Large Speed dial, Pay as you go plan, durable
1	Sturdy, excellent pictures, LCD viewfinder, design.
1	photo-quality color, high speed, whisper quiet
1	Great keyboard
1	Lightweight, durable
0	only enough memory for 30 - 35 pictures at a time
0	low battery warning sucks, 2 memory chips, some features difficult to access, zoom is temperamental
1	small and light, low price, easy to use
0	Constant paper jams, color cartridges cost way to  much. 
0	Not enough reclining positions
0	8MB memory too small and lens cap strap wasn't include
0	cleaning is a bit tricky, all the settings for the different prints confusing
1	Ease of use, image quality, price
0	battery life, heats up a bit while in use, mediocre service(Sprint)
0	Ring tones aren't so great, hard to find numbers with fingers without looking
0	horrible...slow...and defective
0	What good are gadgets if you can't keep a call connected?
0	expensive toner cartridges
1	Speaker, Voice activation, screen size, wireless web
1	Image quality, Ease of use. Very well designed, great lens.
0	Doesn't come with a lens, or any compact flash. Demo software 30 day trial. 
0	Speed, some PC interface issues
0	Eats batteries.  
1	zoom lens
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
1	Cheap Reliable
0	No swivel belt clip made for it. Have to get generic stick on.
0	I haven't found any yet except shutter lag.
1	Speed; print quality; separate ink cartridges; price
0	Some problems getting USB to work,, OSX driver works but incomplete.
1	Size of camera, image load time, in-camera options
0	The camera quits after too few photos;  must then wait.
1	Phone first, PDA second. Solid feel to phone. PDA is true to Palm
0	Sub-par sound, awkward menu layout
1	For its price it prints okay
1	2.1 megapixel, ease of use, color rendition pretty accurate, tracking on viewfinder better than older models
1	Inexpensive, Good print quality, Fast
0	none
0	none so far
0	 Can be noisy and takes a while to print once turned on
1	Very lightweight, easy to carry with strap, highly portable
1	Great local performance.  Large screen size.  Great CELL PHONE camera.  Nice mp3 player.
0	expensive
1	Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive controls.
1	Great-quality prints
1	Multi-functioning, print quality.
1	Great Resolution
0	Connection cable must be bought seperate
0	Won't take pictures in low light.
0	Doesn't do much besides print
1	- Aesthetically pleasing, and highly functional.
0	Horrible user manual and insulting manufacturer support.
0	none
0	some might not like antenna and small buttons,its better then you would think
0	Doesn't like to be chained with a parallel scanner
1	It's cute compact design. Ringtones are okay.
0	Single cartridge system, slow speeds, low quality, shall i go on?
1	Inexpensive Cost/Good software bundle
1	High Resolution, compact, affordable
0	No USB support, initial toner drum isn't full
0	Undependable, slow, flimsy, inconsistently supported, supplies expensive and inconsistent in quality, supplies hard to find, not appropriate for daily use, certainly not appropriate for professional use.
1	Uses floppy disks(very cheap and convenient), simple to use
0	Cartridges are slightly expensive (probably due to printer head built onto them).
1	Great quality
0	questionable reliability, short ink cartridge life span
1	Functionality, internet capable, design
0	Eats batteries if you use LCD display.
0	No Sound When Doing Video Clips (But Then Again, It's A Camera), Small LCD
1	Great options, excellent battery life, IBM microdrive compatible.
1	Palm PDA and cellphone in one
0	Goes through noisy warm up and pre-printing routine
1	Nice feel - lots of features - 10X zoom - Floppy Disk
0	Camera is small and must be held steady when shooting photo.
1	Still a good idea!
1	Speed, quality of printing
1	Plenty of good features and a lovely 10x zoom+ 52mm filter threads
1	By far easiest to use; camera &amp; software of any Digitals on the market
1	Excellent printing time
1	weight, battery life, easy to use, can be used as MODEM, voice dial, speakerphone,
0	SIZE, SHAPE, &amp; VOLUME
0	Charger Issues, Difficulty of Opening, Talk Time
0	No Ethernet Port
1	A lot of features.  Quality printing.
1	Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality of print&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of setup
0	Several design flaws; horrible product support
1	Awesome design, light weight and thin, feature packed, friendly interface
1	Ease of use, light weight, movie mode, 2 mega pixel capability, runs on 2 AA's
0	The pictures and movie take long to capture
0	One cartridge, expensive ink, slow
0	no flash, annoying beep when buttons pressed, shutter button in an uncomfortable spot
1	Comes with Infant Seat and Base
1	Takes up little desk space, easy install
1	Small, Light, Portable, Stylish
0	Takes a little getting used to -&gt; but don't all phones?
0	Micro SD connection, button functions, battery life
1	Overall Ruggedness, Battery life,Price picture clarity, ease of use.
0	No contrast setting, Auto white balance doesn't work well in artificial light &amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	fast printing, very high quality print and scans, can be optimized to paper type
1	Tiny and lightweight but good build quality. Easy to use, fast startup, very clear LCD.
1	Prints clearly, easy to use, easy to load the paper into.
1	Very good output quality
0	Gulps ink.
0	Battery life
0	On/off switch not always easy to use.
1	Small, stylish, fast.
1	Slim, Many features, Easy to use, Long lasting battery
1	**WONDERFUL** coach and a reasonable price!!
1	Fast Printing, Cheap Replacement Cartridges
1	Night Shots, Easy to use, High Quality
1	Light, sleek, Value for money.
0	The package itself, a little tacky, could look better.
1	Offers convenience if you have older children
1	great display, great features, durable (so far), with good battery life
0	Bulky, low-resolution, expensive
0	low memory for events.
0	PCS Vision service should be free. Downloads should also be Free.
1	Good price
1	decent printing speed, good quality (black and color), inexpensive
1	interface, compatibility with earlier models
1	Color, long battery life, seems compact enough for me
0	flimsy
0	none
0	Lacks Features
0	original ink costs and usage
1	Good, quality pictures.  Easily download pictures to print or email.
1	Works like a camera, great color
0	software, JPG compression only option, no battery life indicator
0	Printer weighs about 100 lbs and not easy to move
1	Great image quality and lots of options.  Fast adjustment of features like shutter speed.
1	weight, folding mechanism, cupholders
1	Tiny size, great ease of use
1	Easy to use, good quality, cost.
0	Macro has probs focusing, no lens attach, 
1	Low cost, easy to use, good software
1	small size, no annoying antenna, ease of use, price
0	Brain Tumors
0	Can be complicated to find some functions. 16M xD card is too small.
1	Easy to use; lots of bells/whistles
0	Limited zoom, has a learning curve
1	The phone has worked super and is relatively easy to use!
1	Nice, big, color screen...
1	Neat camera and video.
0	no self-timer, lens cap or USB connection
1	Good range of features
0	Can Streak/ Fair Quality Print
0	slow startup time, blurry shots of moving objects
0	Flimsy Antenna
0	Jams a lot, sometimes prints slow, seems to have a mind of its own
1	small-but bigger than 8260,&#13;&#10;good button feedback,&#13;&#10;easy to read screen, great sound
0	none at the moment
0	Rather trippy graphics
0	no internal flash
0	Bare Bones warranty and support (possibly not for Canada), high ink prices.
0	Battery Life, Low rings, and a lot more things...
0	Facial Oil, no email, No alarm, freezing, no sms or chat, no custom ringers
1	size, style, variety of features.
0	none
1	Easily navigable menus, Metal case, Stylish, Reception improving features
1	See above
0	Battery life, short circuit problem?
0	Buttons can be a bit tricky, battery easily overcharged.
0	Squeaking Wheels and bulky
0	Carseat itself is quite heavy for carrying around without the stroller
0	none!
0	Too much for home use and too expensive&amp;#13;&amp;#10;for home use.not fast enough for buisnes
1	Lightweight, durable, compact
0	grainy images, distortion, poor quality images
1	Nokia name brand, battery life, voice activated dialing
1	As of June 2001, these digital cameras are under $40
0	Customer service lacking
0	Minimal features
1	Small, not too small, voice dialing
1	Excellent picture quality; easy to use features; long battery life
1	Bright screen, lots of features
0	No camera case?
1	Excellent Picture quality; easy to use; easy to load to PC; reasonable priced
1	Perfect size, very good pics
1	Not to expensive, has worked pretty much flawlessly
0	Bulky, no outside display, ugly green backlight, no features, bad ringers, cannot download
0	Ferocious use of batteries
0	Inkjet Cost/Page, Miss Piggy power brick, no USB cable, OK text, S L O W
1	Very easy to use, great resolution, pretty quick.
0	buttons get stuck under face plate
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	Great clarity, good feel too phone
1	It prints...sometimes...
1	Fast printing speed in black and white.
1	Wonderful stroller, easy to use, easy to steer and lasts for the long haul
1	3.34MegaPixels, 3x Optical, 4x Digital, video+sound, Interchangeable lenses.
1	Long Battery Life, Nice Size, Great Design, Walke Talkie, Most Normal Features, Cheap
0	Battery-life. Parallel port connection
1	Compact, Lightweight, Easy to Use, IBM Microdrive Compatible
0	heavier than most, shutter lag
1	good quality, compact, easy to use, features
1	COLOR SCREEN/ OUTER SCREEN/ SPEAKER PHONE
1	See above
0	Minor glitches in scanning and OCR software
0	A bit heavy for its size, freezes, screen goes backwards and upside down
1	Solid, small, easy to use.
0	is not compatible with IE.5.5 or IE.6
1	Best product in its price range, lots of options, easy to use, great support and warranty
0	No flash, no lock for shutter button,
1	Long talk time, cheap price
0	Not a workhorse or speed demon. Expensive cost per page.
1	Easy to use, relatively inexpensive to take quality photos
0	No Speakerphone
0	Not Really Fully Bluetooth<p> Durability<p>
1	Small,easy to use,changeable face plates,wireless web,200 contacts memory
1	Good price, easy to use, good B&amp;W quality, sleek design, fast B&amp;W printing
1	Well designed external LCD, very convenient form factor, good sound quality and reception.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	Tray hits ground when folding, soft squeak in wheels after some use.
0	Quite large
1	Great sound, great reception, nice integration, compact, solid, OK Camera, incredibly sharp display
0	Not good quality on the photos, no storage
0	No true multi-contact phone book. Annoyingly sensitive, side volume/ alert button. Calendar alerts questionable.
0	Battery life, cuts in and out, key placement makes dialing difficult
0	Poor software and small flash card
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	small, stylish, easy to understand menus
0	Larger than flip style
0	none I can think of
0	There really are no cons to this printer
0	none that I have
0	$ bezel wear
0	Big, Speaker phone not too usable.
0	No Flip
0	Drops alot of calls, side buttons can operate while inside pocket.
1	Inexpensive digital camera, great quality at high resolution
0	Doesn't always get great reception
1	Great quality...
0	No AC adapter, cannot make movies, pictures taken indoors are poorer quality than outdoor ones
0	Sucks every piece of paper at once, crappy Win2k drivers and just all around sucks.
0	poor standard battery life
1	style, size, Motorola reputation, price
0	only available with one network, buttons on side can change settings accidently
1	Stylish design and compact.
0	it is a little bit noisy, but not too bad.
0	The price, and its bulky
0	Backlight is ok for phone functions, but useless for Palm apps.
1	Easy to use.  Excellent pictures.  Automatic features make a beginners pictures look great.
1	Key lock, great volume, good battery life
0	Slow, quality of prints, expensive print cartridges
1	MP3 Ringtones, MIDI Ringtones, Good Camera, Smooth Scratch-Resistant Surface, Good LCD Screen
0	8MB card not enough
1	- small, low power consumption, decent outdoor pictures, fast USB connection
0	Still haven't figured out how to change the clock from AM to PM
1	Price, image quality, speed, and size
1	Camera feature is cool but only for a couple weeks.
0	stupid stupid stupid, don't buy it, i beg you!!
1	Great resolution, versatile, zoom capability
1	High quality camera, with great features, for the price.
1	quality, ease of use
1	compact, easy to use, high quality prints
1	Print Quality, Ease of Setup &amp;amp; Use, Price, Size
0	slow, on/off button, no optical zoom and only 2x digital zoom
1	great printing quality, great ad features
1	Very user friendly
1	Very economical, clearly printed pages
0	-Poor reliability
0	Compared to all other phones, everything about this phone is poor at best.
0	doesn't play games like its big brothers
1	Amazing quality color pages; low maintenance cost.
0	Speakerphone, limited accessories
0	Ink Tank Capacity
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
0	Cheap design/hardware, moving parts actually came loose and fell out.
1	Uses ordinary cheap floppies to store high quality pictures
0	None I can think of...
1	Great Images, Optical Zoom, Good features
0	Long, buttons pretty small.
1	Small, easy to use, and some nice features.
0	Expensive. Image quality not completely perfect.
1	Great print quality, affordable
0	Very small when closed.  The phonebook is a little clumsy.  T9 text entry is painful.
0	hard to change cover
0	keypad backlight sometimes delayed when opening
1	Ease of use
1	Storage Medium
1	Sleek style, intuitive functionality
1	Fast printing, decent text output
0	Don't buy for it's scanning capabilities...
0	Batteries don't last long, Time in between picture shots.
1	Very nice Pictures
0	None, it's an excelent unexpensive phone.
0	LCD screen destroys batteries. Slow picture transfer to computer by means of serial port.
0	Printer is bulky. Also runs best with HP paper products.
1	Quality and Durability
1	Get picture immeadiately, pictured are small wallet size, computer pictures are nice quality.
1	Easy to use, Ink Provided, A strong home printer
0	Incompatibility with Windows NT
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
0	no optical zoom, one star pics come out poorly
0	relatively poor reception
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
0	Battery hungry!
1	Multiple functions, easy to install, easy to use.  A four-in-one marvel.
0	only 2x zoom, battery life short
0	Would never stay charged, see review
1	Great photo quality prints
0	not a "name brand"
1	Prints beautiful pictures, excellent performance.
1	A heckuva deal for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
0	I waited too long to get it!
0	no place to put alphanumeric
0	Got a little squeaky after 6 months of use.
1	Makes a great door stop!
1	Small size
1	Nice sizer, good battery life
1	The printer is great at doing color and B&amp;W prints. 
1	small, lightweight, belt clip is very handy
0	No alarm clock
0	The keypad buttons sometimes don't work when you press them.
1	None
1	Good battery life, nice display, loud and clear speakerphone
0	nine
0	Included batteries, no protective case included
0	*Small, Hard Buttons
1	Nice, Compact little camera
1	excellent quality, quiet, prints directly from flash memory
1	Good customer service
1	Easy to maneuver, trendy, lightweight, folds up quickly, easily and compactly (is that a word)
1	lightweight, easy to carry, good features,user-friendly
0	too many confusing buttons
0	Lack of features.
0	Flip comes off, dropped calls, bad reception
0	low light focus, red-eye, non-standard battery
0	seems everyone has one, TDMA??
1	inexpensive, doesn't take up much space
1	Easy to use, excellent quality pictures, lots of useful features, looks like a film camera
0	Has issues with Microsoft Word 2000 files with embedded images
0	can't think of one
1	Everything
1	Incredible lens capable of 10x zoom. Loaded with features.  Sexy design.
0	Not too fast
0	software does not let you resize pictures easily.
0	Bright Flash is too bright
1	none
0	Paper feed is poorly placed, maintenance is costly.
1	cheap
1	Lightweight
1	small size, easy to upload photos
1	light, easy to use, inexpensive,
1	Great features, very light but not too small.
0	RECEPTION SUCKS! Slow interface!
1	Good Price, Excellent Pictures
1	cheap, zoom, slim
0	Grainy images
1	Easy to use and lightweight
0	Limited disk space.
1	Sturdy, easy to use, speakerphone, sturdy, sturdy, sturdy
0	gets warm against your ear, default wheel of fortune menu.
0	I can't think of anything I don't like
1	Rear footboard, folds up small, comfy for both kids, adjustable handles, sturdy but light
1	compact, sturdy, small, can take movies
1	easy to use,custom settings,compact size
1	Small size, prints good copies
0	Black Ink Very Wet on Photo's, A Bit Slower Than I Thought
1	Inexpensive, good quality, easy to use
1	Its a color printer, scanner, fax &amp; copier  all for the price of one!
1	everything but cost!
0	Slightly larger footprint than average printers.
1	solid built, good phonebook, sleek, nice reception, scheduler.
0	durability, small hard-to-use buttons
0	takes some getting-used to
0	2.5x zoom not very useful
0	drop it once and it is dead.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;aliasing on jpg.
1	Relatively cheap, easy to use, good picture quality, Camedia software
1	Prints, Scans, and Copies
1	nice simple messaging features, excellent color display,  reasonable battery life
0	The manual
0	wish there was more memory.
1	inexpensive
0	Picture Quality
1	It takes pretty good pictures.
0	Dropped calls, static, battery life is terrible
0	none
0	Color is addictive.
0	Can't see photos you've taken. 
0	hate the little antenna
0	many helpful (but not necessary) accessories not included
1	Crisp copies in both color and black and white
1	Great pictures, very easy to use, excellent software, brilliant color. 
0	Has difficulty with wite-out.
1	Very good picture quality, extremely easy to use.
0	no removable memory
0	4 recline positions blend into one- up or down,no drink/bottle holder, 
0	size, price, and design
0	Substandard image quality, confusing software
1	Very reliable. Cheap price. Big cartridge means long life.
0	Horizontal paper feed can be tricky on thicker stock
1	Compact Size, no external antenna, blt-in vibration
0	Large, Somewhat Heavy
0	battery life.
0	video camera is so-so, learning curve to mastering all the buttons/options, expensive extras
0	Ink cost
1	Stunning picture quality, excellent fast black printing, and never jams...
1	uhhh the aligator display is cute?
1	camera phone & it was free,
0	uselessly slow for text messages,
1	Fast, reliable, not too expensive
0	Bad sound, cuts in and out, noone can hear you.
1	Good size, phone features easy to use
1	fairly durable, relative to the disposable-america products out there nowadays...
1	great for kids&amp;amp;e-mail
0	No flexibility and limited to 640 x 480 
0	One page at a time
0	BIG, not user friendly
1	Great looking and excellent call quality
1	Small, light weight, easy to use, full color screen.
1	Light, Sexy
0	Ink runs out quickly
0	ink cartridges are costly from Epson!
1	Looks cool
0	extensive LCD use drains batteries quickly
1	Straightforward! Attractive! Large "Display"! Durable!  Low price! A Bargain!
0	has an antenna, poor reception, poor battery life
0	noise, the fact that it broke
1	Size, weight, clarity, reception, low SAR
0	It shakes a lot when printing.
1	Incredible images. Numerous features. Good optics. Nikon name.
0	No Zoom, only holds 15 pictures, not the best resolution, battery drain, 
1	Great sound quality
1	Nice Pictures, Sturdy Case, Flexible Controls
0	slow acting shutter button
1	Small, 5 text lines for web, well-built, inexpensive, full-featured, decent battery life, great value.
0	instalation
1	Easy Setup, Crisp Clear copies, Fast printing
1	easy to use, good pictures, affordable
1	Small
0	Long in length, Less Than Adequate Network
1	Quick easy setup, simple USB connection with XP. User friendly options/settings menu.
0	Lacks some options, kinda large and heavy.
1	HP OfficeJet T45 is good machine, the possibilities are too high.
0	Batteries seem to run down quick, flash pics stay dark until snapped.
0	Still trying to find one
1	Low Cost, High Quality 
1	3.2 MP, Excellent Quality Photos
1	Tiny, very capable, good conversation piece, good reception/sound, no probs w/ the small keys
0	Uses batteries quickly, easy to lose lens cap, software is lacking.
1	size, battery life(!)
0	None as far as I can tell.
0	Pricey
1	New 360 swivel, stylish and adequate in any lighting
1	Fast, fairly low cost
1	Ultra Compact, High Resolution, , Runs on AA Batteries, Manual Set-up &amp; Auto
1	A very well designed camera.
1	Great for email, short videos &amp; conference calling
1	Inexpensive, Reliable, Small, Attractive, Good Features, Good Battery Life
0	None, really
0	Problems are soon to come.
1	affordable,easy to use,fast,reliable
1	Nothing
1	Ease of use, 4 megapixel, accessories available
0	Poor Customer Service,  expensive refills, errors with writing data to printer
1	Great output even on plain paper
0	As with all cameras, battery life is fair.  Zoom isn't really powerful.
0	Occasional freezes up.  Memory full error.
0	None.
1	Low Initial Cost; Front Loading;
1	Easy to install, excellent quality pictures.
1	Easy to use
0	none we have found
1	Print anything
0	buttons fragile, short battery life, no extras, accessories hard to find
0	A little pricey though.
0	Need to study the protocols carefully, needs accessories, needs optical zoom
1	Very easy to use
1	Speakerphone, VibraCall, DirectConnect
1	Low price and operating cost, very good text, fast
0	Poor backlighting; Heavy
0	Electronics
1	Stylish and sexy.  Great list of features. Beautiful metal casing.
0	Close-ups can be blurry at times.
1	lightweight, easy to use,
0	It broke and I don't know why
0	none
1	very nice looking
0	occasional light buzz
1	Good quality, uses floppy discs
1	new features
0	Worst print quality I've seen since my dot-matrix printer, circa 1987.
1	Photo quality, power consumption, features, value. 
0	can not hang heavy bags on the handle
1	slow
1	Outstanding features, design, and performance. Excellent PDA. Sturdy construction. Complete detailed user guide.
0	black cartridge becoming scarce
1	cost.
0	Few ring tones, flimsy flip, battery life could be better
1	Amazing picture quality, loads of features, ability to add lenses
1	Sharp appearance, Lab quality color, Fast printing, Individual ink tanks
1	You can delete a picture if you don't like it. No wasted film or waiting for film to be processed.
1	small and cheap
1	Great photos, fast, quiet, USB 2, individual ink tanks, separate print heads
1	Its cheap
1	Compact, Lightweight, and Feature-Filled.
1	Print Quality, Price, Separate ink cartridges
0	poor reception, quirky voice tags, poor construction
1	Reasonable price, lots of manual options, Olympus quality.
0	Expensive cartridges, lousy printing
0	Proprietary connectors, long battery-charging time, control buttons are hard to use
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
0	No speaker phone.
0	Ink cartriges a little expensive
1	Comfort, Call clarity, Good design
1	Superior print quality, cheaper ink
1	Speaker phone is nice.
0	Prints Slow In Best Quality Mode, No Feeder Tray For Faxing, USB Cable Not Included
0	None
0	You must download drivers for windows xp
0	Problems with thick paper stock
0	Very short battery life - very limited volume on ring, accessories are a nightmare!
0	Slightly bigger than most digitals, computer transfer may be a problem for some.
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
0	More than any one phone should have.
0	East batteries! On-off switch too easy to maneuver.
1	Stylish, ultra Compact, 3X zoom, 3 Megapixels , 
1	Great print quality.  Can handle memory cards and varied papers.
1	User interface, image quality
0	goes through ink quickly and is very loud
1	Inexpensive, versatile, fun, sturdy, and cool.
1	Works hard and does it's job perfectly.
1	Great Clarity and Color, Ease of Digital Storage and Erasing
1	high quality pictures, looks, tons of features
1	Great zoom capacity, intuitive menu structure, high quality images, great value
0	floppys are unreliable, floppys are big.
1	solar powered display, 3X zoom
1	Does a good job!
1	A Starter Camera with a Great Finish! 
1	Floppies, zoom, clear pictures
0	No color screen, Not tri-band
0	Goofs up on lighting occasionally
0	bulky, defective volume, bluetooth sucks
1	Great print quality, inexpensive, easy to use, more than fast enough for SOHO environments
0	Manual on CD only, the sliding lense cover
0	Some of the features like the browser and voice dialing cease to work at times.
1	Photo lab quality prints quickly, cheaply...and good text as well.
1	Fast, easy to install, cheap
0	single-band, questionable build quality
0	can be difficult to hear others who are using certain opposing cell brands
1	excellent resolution, easy to use, compact retro design
0	zoom doesn't work very good, hard to find accessories, slightly bulky
1	excellent picture quality, good construction and feel, nice size
1	Cheap good printer
0	overall clarity of pictures
0	Price, and memory cost
0	clunky and awkward to carry
0	Memory Stick Capacity, No Carrying Case
0	reliability
0	No zoom features and LCD screen is hard to see in bright light.
0	none
1	Supreme picture quality
0	No color display, games are a little boring
1	Great OS, gorgeous styling--gets looks everywhere, the price (finally)
1	HP quality, quick, and sharp printing
1	quiet
0	Can't think of any reasonable things to put here!
0	Battery life is not the greatest
1	Enormous zoom range, ultra-compact, dazzling images, easy interface
1	Very good in quality.  
1	All in one, when it works
0	nothing at all!!!!!!!
0	Zoom/Wide-angle, delayed shutter, battery life
1	Very affordable with high image quality and features.
0	None
0	Takes a little more time than usual to take a picture and to get used to using the camera.
0	small ink cartridges
0	Handling can be awkward...offset tripod mount. 
0	There is a pause before the second person answers.
0	none
1	Rugged, dependable, excellent photo quality, intuitive and easy interface with PC.
1	Nice, easy to use
1	Small, stylish, excellent quailty of pictures, easy to use, very complete package
1	Tiny and easy to use
1	small, light, and always with you
1	Print Speed, Software, Print Quality,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price, Individual Ink Tanks. 
1	Image sharpness -  ergonomy - price for value
0	windows driver looses print job if you forgot to switch it on, loud in draft
0	Expensive, bulky and heavy, need some time for turn and shooting, need buffer
1	Great photos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Don't have to worry about film&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Takes pictures right out of the box
0	Noise, prone to jams, feeds extra sheets
0	Manual - Phone functions - buttons - menues
0	cost
1	Compact Size, light, 3.2 for prints up to 8*10,movie clips as clear as my camcorder!
0	Software difficult to install and does not work well with XP
1	direct connect, see through cover, large display screen
1	It was easy to use. The "movie" feature has extended shooting time.
1	Great Camera...Takes great Photos
1	exceptionally fast shutter speed, powerful, clear 8X optical zoom &amp; long life lithium battery
0	Mobile internet could be better
1	Incredible photo quality, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
1	Loud enough, uses Li ion battery
1	Very good looking and well built.  Has a diverse voice command system, with many commands.
0	Limited ISO range (only 100 and 200). Need to pre-focus. Otherwise excellent.
1	Pictures are pretty good for this price
0	Large, bulky, crooked paper feed, flimsy output tray
1	OUTSTANDING fast true color prints
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
0	price
0	None
1	technically, a free phone
0	Archival Ink problems.  Hard to find replacement color cartridges.
1	Display Rocks, Has bluetooth built in, swivel camera
1	Bargain price
0	cost, tiny basket
0	no cup holder, ridiculously small cargo baskets, soooo expensive, short shades
0	No switches. Prints slow.  Excessive Ink consumption.
0	Besides the lack of features...none!
1	Nice looking, clear screen.
0	None that I can think of.
1	Easy to use, affordable.
0	Cost of replacement cartridges. Difficult and perhaps impossible to network.
1	small, lightweight, easy to use
0	does not work well for children over 25 pounds, front wheels lock in place
0	None
0	Pictures not professional quality; floppy storage cumbersome for some
0	severe redeye, design flaws
0	hoods keep falling off.
1	Very light and compact and has the quick turn off flash button.
1	Excellent all-around design, fully featured, pretty fast startup for a digicam, pretty fast shoot times
0	Some controls may be tricky for some people to use. Battery indicator is poor.
1	Easy to use, Good price
1	Fast, Easy Install, Good quality
1	Nice print quality
0	Power
1	-Easy to use
1	High print quality/great price!
0	Battery use, no lens cover
1	Easy to Use, High quality shots, great zoom
0	Too many battery problems, software on the phone doesn't work properly
0	N/A
1	takes great shots, cool features
0	not very stylish or trendy
0	Doesn't charge well and drains battery fast!
0	Battery comes off phone! Accessories are somewhat expensive and hard to find.
0	sometimes hard to hear if you are in a noisy area
1	Everything
0	Can not download ring tones, battery life
1	Eye appealing Camera, small and portable.
0	Hard to turn on and off.  Phone was returned (found defective) after 3 months!
1	Size and Best resolution you can get today (8/02) for under $450.
1	Sturdy after being dropped.
0	Price
1	Attractive appearance
1	small, lightweight, takes good pictures in low light, good battery life
0	Relatively expensive ink, uses a lot of ink to print text
0	lots issues with Java Script. issues with T-Mobile email system. not good for business people
0	The technology and memory space!!
0	Unreliable OS/hardware
1	five megapixels with P&amp;S ease of use
1	Holds 90+ images, Compatible with PC and Mac formats
1	Wonderful
1	Excellent picture quality, impressive features.
0	Pricy from Nextel, short battery, no distinguishing b/w missed, dialed, and received calls.
0	Takes a long time to upload if you have an old computer
0	Addictive!
1	Downloading Pictures, Ease of Use, Picture Quality. 
0	if you are trying to escape they will find you ha!
1	Easy to Use, Quick
0	Slow shutter reaction in auto mode.  Movie mode useless in low light. Batteries suck (literally)
0	Size, changing the volume
0	No time and date in our area
1	LCD on the front and Voice Command
0	A little bulky. Screen graphics geared to toward the "youth" market.
1	good looking???
0	Battery "Pig", and too many involved steps to the finished product.
0	is not a good product
1	Don't know
1	Small, ergonomic design. Loads of features. Great performance. Free!
1	Ultra-compact, loads of cool features
1	Ultra-compact, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
0	NOTHING
1	great durable camera , swival head, AA batteries
0	None as far as I can tell
1	Voice quality, Get-It-Now games & tools, sharp looks.
0	Slow
1	Great price, easy to use
1	Easy, Easy, Easy
0	does not ship with smartmedia card
1	Prints quietly, Good quality print jobs
0	Navigating through the contact list is sluggish.
0	Poor quality, mediocre reception, lack of accessories
1	A very simple camera to operate, not too many features or settings to master
0	only 8M memory stick, have to hold very still when using moon light shot
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
1	great camera
1	Excellent results from a bargain basement priced camera.
0	bulky - large - expensive
0	complex menu system.  LCD hard to read in bright light
1	Send/receive data via phone's infrared port to other IR-equipped handheld devices such as Palm
1	Features, Vibrant Color Display, Get It Now, LG Reputation
1	Size, Push-To-Talk
1	small, easy to use, versatile, features
1	Great quality, price plus it is easy to use and hookup.
1	Camera.
1	The screen is big enough for aging eyes to see.  Only one gadget to carry
1	Tons of memory for taking photos, decent software package, fast downloads
1	Easy to use, Several flash modes, Lots of different settings.
0	noisy, drinks ink, jams easily
1	Pocket size, great outdoor pics, rechargeable battery
1	I can talk clear, calls do not fade
1	Price 
1	Ease in downloading pics.
0	Videos are low resolution, battery life is okay, 32 MB card is inadequate
1	small and it folds
0	Small Battery Life
0	cleaning not very impressive
1	Easy to use, Reliable, Inexpensive
0	Telephoto limited to 2x, cannot add lens
0	Hard to find in stock.
0	Scan quality is not good for pictures. 
0	Slow, Poorly designed, Expensive 
0	Noisy, sometimes color correction features do not work properly. 
0	difficult to capture movement
0	Cartridges are a bit expensive
1	Gorgeous, hi-resolution pictures
0	s-l-o-w scanning
0	Major: Really really bad antenna (should not buy b/c of this
0	None as of this time
1	Print resolution, Style.
0	not enough bang for the buck, bad connections
0	lags a bit on shutter speed,  EVF is a little blurry,  auto focus needs tweeking.
1	Good Photo Output
0	Printer driver unusable, bad tech support, possible reliability problem
1	It looks like a southern link radio!&#13;&#10;
0	paper jams sometimes and expensive cartridges
0	No U.S.B. cable; Flimsy front lens cover
1	Size, User Friendly
0	none
1	Slim, Simple, Good Features, Good Battery Life, Good Quality.
1	outstanding output, quick, quiet
1	For its price it prints okay
1	price, durability, features
0	cartridges a little expensive
0	sssslllllloooooowwwwwww
0	Slow zoom response, somewhat long start up time, complex controls
0	nothing
0	Nothing
1	4 MegaPixels, Ease of Use, Excellent color reproduction, advanced/pro features, price!
1	Small Size, BIG Capabilities
0	The car seat is hard to carry when your child gets above 14-15 pounds
0	Software takes some time to master. Some features not usable with networks.
1	It is phone, if you can get it to work.
0	Poor battery life and basic functions, large, not pocket sized.
0	Battery life, charging problems, low earpiece sound
1	In all seriousness, I cannot list a single positive attribute for this phone.
1	Tiny Size! high-res, rechargeable battery, simple to use
1	Laser Printer and Legal Flatbed Copier
1	It was cheap with the rebate
1	Very stylish.  Attractive color screen and lots of features.  Very useful speaker function.
0	Has since been surpassed by other printers
1	Great quality, good price, good brand name!
0	occasional water spot.
1	Powerful options, excellent quality, good price.
0	Slow printing, especially graphics and pictures, and paper sometimes sticks together.
0	Cheap plastic hardware&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No flash
1	Motorola, easy to use, volume, mp3 ringtones, camera
1	Stylish, lightweight, Durable, SMALL, Feature-packed, 3G-Voice Capable, Multi-Chord Ringers!
1	Small
1	Stylish, good for tall people (I'm 6'5")
0	Small Zoom, Poor Light Collection, Short Battery Life, Type 1 CF Slot
1	Retains some of the traditional SLR styling
0	Bulky
1	Super quality pictures and normal print
1	Compact, light and easy to open and close
1	Ease of connection, Menu Options make it easy to delete unwanted pictures quickly, not complex.
0	Moderate Battery Life, Needs a better case
1	Nice color screen. Easy ability to download ringers.  Slender and light.
0	None so far.
1	fairly easy to use
1	place for infant seat, reclining seat, seatbelts in every position
0	ribbons a bit pricey
1	Adjustable settings allow better quality or more pictures, whichever you prefer!
0	Goes through batteries like nothing I have ever seen and the software could be a bit more user friendly.
0	Optical view finder does not cover digital zoom. You either guess at the framing or use the LCD which is tough to see in bright daylight.
0	Good GPS functions require additional fee, small screen , battery cover squirms when keys pressed
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, prints directly from memory card
0	sound clarity, keyboard size
0	a little big, but worth it to save onto floppies
1	Features, looks, I really love the phone.
1	good ergo design, Mobile Web 2.0, many A/V features, easy to use voice dialing
0	Lag between shots is a little slow. 
1	very affordable
0	The Antenna. Do not buy this phone the antenna will break.
1	Cheap, basic PDA features
0	Hard to use, poor sound.
0	large size
0	Horrible car kit, drops calls, people can't hear me.
0	Vibrate is too weak.
0	Poor reception in some areas
0	Very slow, eats up ink doing self cleanings ,nozzles clog,very noisy,poor support
0	Complexity, the manual, no type 2 memory slot and included software
0	low res, doesn't print the greatest
0	Relatively_long warm-up time. It_needs more memory for graphics. Replacing_the drum unit will hurt (financially).... 
0	prints are not water resistant
0	low light usage
0	did not come with installation disk
0	nothing
1	Compact design, scratch resistant case, voice activated dialing
0	Vibrate mode makes too much noise; Dust shows on outside display
0	Short battery life.
1	voice tags, bright screen, polyphonic ringtones, uses 51XX, 33XX, 82XX power accessories
1	great clearity, decent price
1	extremely rugged, good contact functionality, messaging
0	Sprint PCS service
0	Tiny display (phone side).
1	Clarity
0	None.
0	Phone is to hot.  Numbers keep falling off. Speaker keeps falling off.
0	No bluetooth? what the heck is that??
1	Great pictures, true color, rugged construction, nice interface.
1	CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS PRICE? EVERYONE CAN GO DIGITAL WITH THIS!
0	No desktop charger to charge a spare battery. Phone must be off to charge.
1	Good quality, fast, quiet, reliable
1	Goes anywhere. Nice battery life, and packed with powerful features.
0	may be outdated in a few years
1	Crisp and clear images, professional and elegant design, 8x zoom is magnificent
0	Poor paper handling, jamming
0	Few HEADSET options. SCROLL button design needs a rethink and RING TONES are the worst.
1	Cost, Quality of Pictures, LCD display
1	Incredible pictures, great size, awesome features
0	Not fast, not particularly cheap to run
1	Color screen, size, decent battery power.
0	Heads require frequent cleaning, ink used up rapidly. Machine is not for beginners
0	None
1	Good call quality, nice features
0	Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
1	Large wheels,  Snack trays, lots of storage, and has a high push bar.
0	belt clip is  bulky,leather case is junk with the plastic window over key pad
1	Good looking; easy to open and close; easy to maneuver in tight spaces
0	Cheap Quality
0	Fabric design not the prettiest around.
1	size, weight, signal strength, clarity, durability, outside caller ID
0	absolutely none
1	Best Quality and Speed for Tabloid Size Prints under $500
0	None...
0	shakes violently and fails frequently
1	Astounding design allows for flip to a full "qwerty" keyboard. This enables easy text messaging.
1	Easy to learn and use
1	Print quality was nice for home printing with color
0	MicroSD memory card sold separately.
0	cost, ear bud for hands-free kit.
0	Batteries-better to buy rechargeable
0	Poor quality,clarity is horrible-both ends.Poor reception.Too long of a list.
0	Cables should be included
1	Nice color screen, Get It Now, very light, ring tones, sleek
0	It's basically a disposable camera after 200 shots
0	Unable to print on goldenrod color paper! 
1	Great signal.
1	compact, nice looking, flash, good quality pics during day light, 8 mb memory
0	Somewhat expensive inks; no border-free printing or roll paper support
0	Cost of cartridges = sell your home.
0	Lots of them.
0	Brakes are difficult to apply, canopy doesnt provide much shade
0	Haven't printed any envelopes yet, Toner in the future may be an issue
1	Solid construction. A lot of features(most I never use)
0	must use Nikon View
1	Lightweight, Music-wired, Compatible with infant carriers, Fully reclining, stylish, ON SALE:babyage.com 
1	Good for photos
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
0	The price is higher than some brands.
0	Having no Power On/Off button was a little strange. But I got used to it.
1	Image quality, battery life, ISO 50, RAW format, etc.
0	None so far. Those that complain of noise are really nit picking.
1	None come to mind
1	Great quality prints, easy to install, looks cool
0	No Bluetooth (and hey, we can work around that).
0	Battery life could be better!
1	light weight; has functions; takes pictures
1	Price, functions
0	battery life leaves something to be desired
1	price, resolution, zoom
0	None so far
1	Maximum Cache and features, including blue tooth
0	shutter lag.
0	OK battery, odd key layout, sm incl. memory, no mp3
0	Jams Alot tho!
1	Ease of use, photo quality, movies with sound, zoom, fast recharge, features
1	Compact and stylish.
1	Intuitive, fantastic ergonomics, strong email support, good speakerphone, good browser, easy to read display.
0	cartridges ran out quick
1	Lightweight, good features
1	battery life, games, price (free), inter-face
1	All in one, like taking your PC with you wherever you go.
1	Light, sleek, beautifully structured, long battery life, easy to personalize.
1	Everything you NEED
0	horrible speaker phone quality.
1	Ease of use, no assembly required, price
1	small, light, nice design, display, features
0	user interface is not user friendly
0	Family a little upset.
0	Its all a sad charade
1	great price for what you get, quality, ease of use
1	color screen
1	Affordable for a really nice camera
1	Great for enlargements!
1	Compact, great picture quality, stylish
0	Charging port attachment easy to lose, clarity could be better
0	1-sec delay image capture, availability of blank disks,
1	Will let you know how patient you are
0	some toner flaking if you print on the backside, no postscript support
1	great size, easy-to-use, long battery life
1	Fast, inexpensive, easy to use!
1	Weighs less than the average newborn; Folds easily
1	Compact, Quality, Ease of Use
0	BREAKS WAYYYYYYYYYYYY TO EASILY COMPARED TO SIMILAR FLIP PHONES AND ITS EXPENSIVE
0	None
0	Pixelated video; low battery endurance. Some may be turned off by color scheme.
0	Battery life.
0	not very good for small babies, not very well padded
0	Okay, so it only has 100 numbers, a few games, and a dozen rings
1	Convenient, Windows/Mac compatible
0	Seriously annoying interface quirks
1	Most compact and lightweight.  Fits in your pocket.
0	No optical zoom
1	Great quality, especially for the price; easy to operate.
1	Size and Weight, awesome clear screen,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	You can take ALL high-resolution pictures without worrying about space!
0	Major inconvenience, requires constant attention
1	Nice looking, nice fabric
0	little pieces
1	Excellent quality pictures, easy to use, good control over exposure
1	Inexpensive, USB connection,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy to use, VERY LIGHT
0	None so far.
1	Texts,tone volume,easy faceplate change,durable
1	None
0	Initial Price, Potential Ink Waster
0	spotty quality on some photos, prints not great
0	Lag time
0	Poor low light performance, overwhelming flash
1	Relatively slim, compact, very neat sliding feature, quality build, vivid display, and much more!
0	Not much thought went into the design of this thing
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	Featured-Packed and Oh So Small!
1	Looks great, Provides Great service, Thin, awesome display!
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
0	noisy, slow, and a maintenance headache
1	email enabled, easy to use, great call quality, downloadable ringtones, more
0	Sometimes the internal antenna can be covered by your hand.
1	Features for size are top in class, not intimidating, skin tones and balance excellent
0	none
1	Ease of operation
1	Small, 2way radio is great, easy to read
0	Black and white.
1	Compact size, very durable, great battery life, and numerous features.
0	Ringer not loud enough, keypad lock is a joke, can't find accessories, charging issues.
0	Size
0	Continuous problems, Not the quality product I had hoped for!!!
1	is easy to use and is great options
0	None
1	lots of features and easy to use 
1	good picture quality, easy to use, fits just about anywhere
1	sharp, clear photographs
1	SOMETIMES, IT WILL RUN WITH NO PROBLEMS!
0	No Voice Dialing
1	Compact and consistent with great photos
0	I can't think of any.
0	none at all
1	price, quality, warranty
1	Screen is bright. Better camera
0	No IS and purple fringe in a few pics
1	Durable and easy to use
0	service, price
1	Great Quality, Print Cartridges Last A LONG Time
1	Using mobile phone tools, take any song and make it your ring tone.
1	Fast, clear printing.
0	A little heavy, poor battery life
0	no bluetooth and camera attachment
0	bad battery compartment design.
1	Good from newborn to toddler; high quality materials
1	Small Size, Easy to Use, Good Picture
1	Inexpensive, uses cheap toner, trouble free.
0	Cord doesn't connect tightly, connection not stable
0	Only thing is it's a bit expensive, but WELL worth it!
1	Solid Motorola Design. Great Features. Excellent Reception with a reliable provider.
1	very sleek size, color, tons of extras
1	size, looks
0	battery life pretty short when using LCD
0	none
1	Small, color, battery power
1	Small, cute, internet access, i-tap
0	Joystick can be tricky, some functions 'buried'. Limited speed-dial functions. Many accessories incompatible.
0	none
1	Value, manual control, construction quality, panorama mode and software, image quality
0	No two sided attachment
0	User interface (menu options)
0	expensive
0	Battery tends to loosen over time and loose contact.
1	cheap
1	Great quality print and graphics
0	Memory too small, slow charge between shots.
0	- Some smaller issues such as better phonebook management.
0	Menu is a little complex and is to big to fit in your pocket.
0	A bit expensive
0	slow recharge of flash, joystick pad a pain sometimes, no wide angle shots
0	Difficult to use
1	Good camera with you at all times, great features
0	size, dark indoor distance shots
1	Fast f1.8 lens, Excellent picture quality, 32 mb internal memory buffer, good battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Weak battery, low battery warning indicator.
0	costs more than reg. camera
1	Excellent Picture Quality, Reasonable Price, Feature Rich, CompactFlash Memory Storage
1	Does the job!
1	Multifunction
0	Quality
1	Nice features
1	Inexpensive, Color, Good Resolution, Separate Ink Cannisters
1	Inexpensive. Easy to Install. Small space required. Good quality.
0	Not user friendly.  Buzzing sound while on a call.
0	No zoom.
1	Color, easy to use, keypad, programs, gallery
0	Mediocre flash, no flash shoe, no battery meter, proprietary batteries.
1	The Cadallac of strollers!  A great ride, easy to use, excellent turning radius, high handle bar, will hold resale value.
1	Price (Free), Sound quality, Features
1	Great Quality Photos, Easy To Use
1	Cheap, decent print quality, can you say DeskJet 930!
1	compact size, good lens, great manual control, and good button location
0	Feeding mechanism is noisy, driver quirks
1	Great battery life.  Call receptions much improved over my other phone.
1	Affordable, good quality
1	Excellent phones, Excellent service
1	light, maneuverable, durable
1	Quality
1	Easy to use
0	Software install not the greatest.
0	Single cartridge system, and finding the ink can be prove to be a problem.
1	Good Screen, Bluetooth, WAP Access, Camera built in a small form factor.
1	Nice size
0	outside scratches, cost (high)
0	2 pixels not good for printing large photos out
0	For best performance, needs additional memory
0	doesn't wear well, 
1	lots of features, extra battery, can record movies
0	Nobody can hear me when I am speaking to them on this phone.
1	Very quiet
1	Easy to use, has many features I need
0	does not have an ac adapter with it
0	low quality and slow - must download setup program for Windows ME
1	Color screen, small size, phone book
0	Noone seems to run it on sale.
0	High cost, battery consumption
1	Quality construction, Pocketable, Beautiful Styling
1	Compact, , Chick Magnet (huge cute factor), , Affordable, 
1	Easy to Use, Great Picture Quality
0	none at the moment
0	Noisy cycling of new pages
1	Light weight, perfect size, great reception, and great battery strength
0	Buttons a bit mushy
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, color screen, changeable faceplate
1	small size, ease of use
1	Small, sleek design
0	n/a
0	Joystick type control annoying at times.
0	too many options that not many people will actually use
1	Small, nice pictures.
0	It does not have a zoom lens
0	print limits to 8x10 or smaller
1	MicroSD, MP3, Big screen
1	One device for PDA and phone.
0	ringtones, key placement
1	Durability, size, speaker phone, color, clarity, Bluetooth, GPS.
0	Slow processing speeds, poor battery capacity
0	more noise than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
1	Great picture quality for a good price
1	Good battery life, browser, low cost accessories, good feature set
1	good, cheap fast printer
0	None
0	ink runs out quickly, 'dumb' peripheral
0	keypad sensitivity, text messaging is difficult
1	Fast, efficient, excellent print quality
0	Multiple phone numbers require multiple entires in phone book.
1	cheap, small footprint, easy to operate
0	appears fragile (toy like) and incomplete. poor data interaction.
0	Lack of AC adapter
0	Low zoom; delay when taking pictures; pricey
0	Absolutely nothing!
0	ink cartridges are expensive
1	Looks nice I guess
1	Good text printing
1	Good looks, design
1	Does not pull to the side, runs straight as an arrow, super lightweight
0	Can't recieve new tones
0	Abysmal support, quickly orphaned
1	Reliable, Good quality
0	I can't get it to turn on
0	Poor print quality, low resolution, slow, very noisey.
1	Super fast printing, separate ink cartridges.
1	Picture quality, easy menu/operation, quick focus/picture time
0	Manual Lack OF
0	no diopter (wear your glasses), 2x zoom, fully automatic
1	Elegant design, compact size, easy to use, custom settings, great lighting
0	Battery life isnt too long
1	Low price
1	cheap, also works in Linux, currently easy to find
1	Two features in one. GSM network.
1	crazily durable. NEVER breaks. pretty, cheesy graphics. think flowers and sunny skies.
1	Great zoom Good Quality
0	Can slow pc down
0	No optical zoom, Low battery life.
0	LCD screen is less than optimal
0	clarity, and battery power
1	Small (if that's what you want), games, and looks good.
1	Ease of use, overall price, GREAT PICTURES
0	A little bulky compared to new phones
0	low quality, grainy, dark pictures
1	At current prices, a great deal. Sharp, fast and flexible. View A Sample!
0	Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is excellent.
1	Very Good at close up Photography.
1	Price, Price, Price (oh, and quality, ease of use and all that...)
1	Features, Reliability, Value, Track Record
1	Point and click use, floppies serve as film.
1	Extremely practical, yet very cool!
1	Excellent AF &amp; overall features REd eye reduction, compact, picture quality ease of use
0	You never know when the ink is running low
0	no additional lenses, expensive batteries, not enough zoom
1	Small size, good image quality
1	See description below
1	Walmart price of $60; USB connection; easy to use.
1	Compact size, Black in color, AA batteries, Comes with slow charger and extra batteries (1700mAh)
1	The price I guess, after having checked at a couple of stores.
0	Does not come bundled with a PC card reader
1	Decent print quality when the heads aren't jammed.
1	3.5 and SuperDisk, Records Audio
0	Non-upgradeable, lack of space
0	does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery life, no lens cover
0	can't force it to analog or select channel
0	could use a better zoom lens
0	Flip-tops are more convenient.
0	Slightly bulky, LCD viewfinder a bit choppy.
0	loud, slightly annoying install
1	Good reception, Excellent battery life, well designed
1	Easy to download images on any computer.
1	Picture quality, ease of use, feel of camera
1	Sleek, excellent speakerphone, efficient voice-dial, plenty of memory, wallpapers and MP3 ringtones
0	Inks are expensive, but that applies to all H.P. inks, but the inks are great.
1	quality, speed
1	works, not for a long time
0	Cumbersome to use at times.
0	Slow for high volume work
0	Could have better quality.
1	Many features.
1	FAST!
1	Silvery futuristic exterior
1	Fast, Easy to use, Doesn't suck ink
1	Stunning color accuracy, unmatched by any other inkjet manufacturer; software easy to use.
0	It wasn't free (only thing I could think of)
1	Picture Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
1	Pretty Slim, External LCD, External Ring-Silencer
0	Price
1	Very big, great seating, large storage on bottom, reasonably priced.
1	Good printer for the money. Sharp images.
0	The infamous smudge-prone case.
1	Good speed, great quality, and a good price!
0	Afraid to lose it
1	cheap, good print quality
1	Everything
0	Low volume, irritating buzzing noise, poor batt life
1	Great all-purpose office machine
1	Prints nice a few times in a row, well supported
1	Everything about it
1	Easy to operate, even my youngest child (age 9) operates the camera with good results.
1	money, time, results
0	Awkward size, attacks other electronics, Phone looks stupid.
0	Mediocre display, limited features
1	easy to use, review/preview options, easy to download
1	Battery life, internet and e-mail capabilities, and popularity
1	Speed, quality, ease of use
1	ease of use, compact size, price
1	Excellent photo quality. PC slot for card adapter.
0	Need More Light
1	6x Optical zoom; Great quality; Movie mode; Lightweight 
0	Wee bit pricey for slightly less than perfect color output, doesn't include USB cable.
0	Only comes with 4mb memory.
0	No optical zoom.
1	Uses floppy disk, battery life, simple to use.
1	Fast printing speed, good quality, durable
0	Expensive ink, slow, clogging may be a problem.
1	Uses ink tank system, prints nice looking products&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Too expensive
0	weak flash, no optical zoom
0	Can't take long movies
0	The speed of printing isn't quite as fast as stated in the company literature. The automatic reverse side printing operation is not explained very well in the manual in regards to the adjustments that have to be made in the word processing software. The ty
0	Menu's are confusing especially if you're an ex-Nokia user.
0	Difficult downloading, occasional glitches in performance, tacky flashcard door
0	Wakes the neighbors when you turn it on
0	Pain in the Tush to type in names
1	Best Digital Camera I have used to date. 
0	Some limited features
0	piece of crap!
1	I loved all 3 I had in the first year
1	Large screen, voice dialing, Bluetooth compatible, Camera and Video ability.
0	eats batteries, flash too bright for close-ups, it's expensive!
1	Sleek design, battery life, voice-activated dial, High Capacity Phone Book
0	too monstrous to carry as all-access cell phone
1	Sleek, lightweight, speakerphone, keyguard, good reception, lots of other features!
1	it was free
0	Printer is noisy, USB cable is short, warm up time. 
0	Costly paper and ink, and not much paper to choose from by Epson
1	Small, stylish, feature-rich, first PDA that actually passes for a phone!
0	battery life is horrible, no good recourse for faulty product
0	Sometimes fuzzy pictures.  Not the greatest flash
1	Incredible storage capacity, very tunable, great clarity, easy to use
0	Really weird cable hookup, weird case design, no power button, &amp; big footprint
1	Small, long battery life, changable faceplates, GSM features
0	Step down from Motorola V400
0	TONS of features...can be a bit daunting at times
1	small size, menus good
1	lightweight, prints fast, easy set up.
1	Cheap, Affordable, Fast
1	Easy to use
0	A little bit bulky, the buttons are bit stiff, vibrate mode costs extra.
0	None
1	Great image quality, most things work as advertised
1	Rugged, dependable, 2-Way Text Messaging as well as voice, good value
1	Easy to use, Great quality of hardware and software
0	If you print photos, ink runs out quickly.  Hi-res printing is slow.
1	Great compared with others like it.
0	Pricy and over-powered signal strength
1	Affordable, lots of accessories, basic for first time buyers.
1	Easy to Use, Price, Picture Quality
0	No alphabetical sorting of phone list, digital only.
0	Very poor user interface, nagging time delay on motion shots
1	AMAZINGLY compact with 2 MP, 3X optical zoom, Very fast
0	Same problems as described by JK Hudson - Paper misfeeds, bad drivers 
0	fragile earpiece
1	Too many to list
0	No Macro Function
1	All the useful features of the Nikon 990, with a better size for traveling.
0	Paper loader needs some work.
0	poor reception, problems losing ring/vibrate functionality
1	Menus are a breeze to navigate.  Good clear signal. Awesome sound quality.
1	Beautiful screen, polyphonic ring tones, 144kb/sec internet access, free second battery.
1	Size, design, keypad, scratch resistant metal.
0	Takes at least 5-10 minutes before it starts printing
1	Very Sharp Printing, easy on the consumables !
0	Big. Takes up alot of space on my desk though.
1	small, lightweight, outer LCD display is awesome
1	Thin, lightwieght, stylish, and many great features
0	no USB syncing..., sprint does not provide SMTP services for sending email.
0	print cartridge inconvenience and expense
0	not compatible with mainstream nokia accessories
0	It's costly
0	eats batteries, no carrying case, only 4MB memory
0	No Video Taking
1	Great pictures, lens, features, best (for now)
1	See Review Above
0	Cost? But you do get what you pay for.
1	Nice cloth, corners like a charm, compacts well, nice BIG baskets!!
1	price
0	Not easy to operate, eats batteries
1	The Lens (7x's optical zoom), 5.24 Megapixels, Gorgeous Photos, SLR-like 
0	No optical zoom. SM card too small.
0	Small size takes getting used to; No color.
0	Horrible battery life, bad reception, earpiece volume horrible, can't move while talking
1	Fun and Easy to use. Variety of modes.
1	pretty good looks, internet enabled, speaker phone
0	Slightly soft focus in corners. Image sensor not perfectly square with camera body.
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
1	Capacity - Ease of Use
0	tends to bend cheap light weight paper when starting a print job
1	Size, Features, Sound Quality, Battery Life, Reception, Voice Dial, Menu
0	I wish I had gotten it sooner
1	Ease of use, inexpensive, all accessories included, a good first digital camera.
0	None
1	Takes great pictures, easy to use.
0	Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to find.
0	Doesn't have a speakerphone or Bluetooth technology
0	Complicated print options; ink lifetime; driver conflicts
0	Low sound ringtones, kinda cheap plastic
1	Cheaper then haveing a plan on a cell phone
1	Crisp, detailed images. Nice 5x Optical Lens. Comparatively affordable.
0	no web browser, not ring tone compatible, and not many features.
0	Lack of features make this phone a bad buy
1	price is cheaper than many, small and easy to store
0	Slow, but it's an ink-jet - they're all slow
1	Price, speakerphone, email capabilities, weight
1	Feature set, customizable menus, etc
0	Higher purchase price
1	Fun to use, great picture quality, two storage options
0	Menu interface, documentation, support
1	Design, Caller ID on outside, Size
0	size
0	Can only use one cartridge at a time,does not last very long, 
0	Price. Should I have waited for the newer G3?
1	Easy to use, great pictures, good size, mostly reliable
1	Price and production for light use is great, heavy use-could be better
1	accomodate infant seat, compact and light weight.
1	Color screen, Bluetooth built in, Updated Firmware
1	Palm and Handheld in one unit
0	A little large.
0	lots of memos, but rather short in length; no reminders;
1	cheap initial
0	With the paper holder and output tray, the footprint is large
1	Set's up easily, Looks OK - that's it.
1	Indiglo backlight display, 2 screens, size, memory, voice recognition
0	Will not work with Windows XP
1	User friendly
1	Great pictures, easy to use, macro and zoom
1	Good Simple Basic Phone
1	price
0	Battery life is only adequate
0	None
1	inexpensive
0	slow high-res prints, expensive cartridges
1	Great software, great picture quality
0	Only 2 MB of internal memory, high amount of color noise on indoor shots.
0	short printer cord
0	Big for a phone
0	The little rubber plug that you have to lift to plug in the headset.
1	Very good price, many features, rather compact, excellent quality of images
0	Bulky Size
1	A lot of memory
0	It's slow
0	Cost and difficulty finding the replacement paper. Max picture size is 4x6.
1	Cute and affordable
1	Small, durable, large phonebook volume, cool snap sound when closing
0	a little more storage needed
1	Nice looking
0	Expensive Ink and Paper
0	short standby life of ink-jet cartridge
0	Battery drain
1	It's a color Palm! Crisp clear, lots of features.
1	Great features, slim design, good accessories available
0	Bad reception, not durable, home charger doesn't work
1	Easy and Fun to Use , great photo , and video quality  
1	Small size
0	Barely can feed subsequent sheets now because of what I did
0	no case or adapter
1	HL 1440 has fast print speed 15p, great quality text,small footfrint.
1	Inexpensive
1	Great picture quality, Good battery life
0	None are significant. Sticky camera mode dial. Focus could be better.
1	Unparalleled photo quality, easy to set-up and use, and great price.
0	Some what cheap feeling, bad face plates
1	Great Quality of Photos
0	No storage compartment.
0	Bulky, No video/audio output, weak battery
0	system lag time between pushing button and taking picture
1	Ease of use, ability to print on the spot, Olympus digital "greatness" behind this camera
1	Small, light, easy to use.  No nonsense phone when you just want to call someone.
1	Email, caller ID, voice mail, and aol instant messenger.
1	good quality, durable, reasonable priced
1	Screen, Apps, Ease of Use
0	with internal antenna the reception isn't as good as other models!
0	The inks are expensive as is the high gloss, good paper.
0	slow color printing, small paper tray
0	Kind of pricey
0	None
1	Compact, Relatively Inexpensive Cartridges, Fairly Fast, User Friendly Drivers and Software
1	Takes very clear, crisp photos
0	No clock (what were they thinking?)
1	It is easy, lightweight, and what a great price!
1	Excellent image quality, packed with features
0	Small keys with similar shape makes it hard to dial, not as well designed
1	Clear, Beautiful Color Pictures
1	Size, weight,flip lcd,compact flash card
1	Easy, Fun, Great Pics
0	mac compatiblity is in MAJOR quesion
0	Noisy, expensive, bad customer service, not supported on Windows XP.
1	Inexpensive, high resolution, ultra-fast USB download
1	very small and stealthy
1	quality of images, range of options
1	a great affordable printer, that prints excellent with heavy weight paper
1	great images, inks refilled easily, inexpensive
0	No good Win2k driver, Slow
1	Great phone, Speakerphone is very handy
1	Super resolution and color on glossy paper. A breeze to set up. Price!
0	None yet
1	Long Battery Life, Indiglo, Non-Flip-Style, Travel Charger, Feature-Packed
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
0	can be hard to install, needs lots of lighting.
0	Still slightly bulky?, Poor low light picture quality, No sound when filming moving video
1	Pocketable.  Stylish.  AA Batteries
1	Easily concealable, high geek factor, HUGE LCD display, quite user friendly menus
1	Terrific design, carries infant car seat
0	tiny joystick, no optical zoom, accessories delayed.
0	Attempt at using refill inks was disasterous. Printhead replacement very expensive oustside warranty period.
0	you &lt;/b&gt;must &lt;/b&gt; buy more memory. More bulky than some cool Nikons/ Canons
0	I'm afraid the little rubber outlet/cable covers might tear off in a couple of years.
0	Scheduler is not as great as a palm.
1	Good quality and paper handling
1	Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
1	takes great pictures
1	3 minute voice recorder, voice functions, large screen, multiple profiles, good calculator.
0	Total zoom gets blurry
1	Well organized  buttons  places,good signal good sound. big screen and easy to read
0	4 way Nav. button is hard to use.  Batteries are expensive.
0	Auto color balance isn't perfect, need to use the dock for all connections
0	No such thing with this camera!
1	light, easy to maneuver, folds easily
1	size, weight, simplicity
1	Sleek, sturdy design. Good sound and speaker.  Relatively simple to use.
1	2-way radio
1	Fast, high quality, low price, ethernet capable
0	None
0	not enough features
0	Eats ink. Eats ink.
1	Good reception/features/battery life/size
0	Eats 4 AA batteries for breakfast, lunch and dinner and still some!!!
1	no
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	So-so plain paper text, ink tanks run out somewhat fast, clogged nozzles.
0	no zoom, marginal indoor photo quality
1	It can supply people convenience and comfortable.
0	Lacks features
0	EVERYTHING
0	The battery goes dead after talking for ten minutes.  Everything
0	Short batter life, slow transfers
0	No web access capabilities, can't receive special ring tones.
1	Reception, bluetooth, speakerphone, ObeyMeMoto voice recognition.
0	Front seat doesn't recline much
0	large size
1	Fast, beautiful prints, Cheap
0	Small size, jiggly battery cover, less than great reception
0	EVERYTHING ELSE!!!  Battery life, reception, keypad, ringers, gets very hot...you name it, it's bad!
0	Button size and delay between screens.
1	Lightweight/compact, full recline, ease of fold/unfold and attractive
0	Price, cartridge prices, print speed
0	NONE
1	It is very compact and attractive. The price is great.
0	Heats up, grainy viewfinder, short battery life, sluggish autofocus&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Noisy paper feeder.
1	Color screen, Phonebook, Text messaging, Alarm, speakerphone
1	Above average printer; great price!
0	None that I've experienced
1	Tiny, light, solid, beautiful display, countless features
1	Small size, features and options
0	Initial investment
1	The camera is fairly easy to use.
1	Good Speed, Great Quality, Very quiet
1	Big basket, large wheels, not much else.
1	Cheap (at first)
1	Easy to use, excellent picture quality, nice software bundle
1	Low price, camera features
1	Auto-Double Sided printing, great resolution.
0	comes with color cartridge only, unreliable, poor tech support 
0	NO speaker phone option, no digital camera
0	Names by buttons on front of printer a little hard to read.
0	Focussing problems, no uncompressed mode, still can't touch film for image quality
0	too new to find one
1	Small Size, Flip-Open, Screen on Front
1	great pictures
1	Very user friendly, nice size, nice software, easy setup.
1	Laser-like quality, sample photo gloss paper included, LCD indicator, double paper feed tray
1	Lots of Features, easy to use, great way to keep in touch
0	Wide angle not wide enough, no external flash, 16MB memory not enough, battery life. 
0	Can break if you throw it out of your car at 50 mph
0	Poor reception, too many features and options
0	A little bulky and $$$$.
0	Mine was unstable, very basic phone.
0	A bit flimsy
1	It's resolution!!! Wow:  2240 x 1680.n  Also the ability to copy images from one card to another while still in the camera.
0	Special battery type, external charger, flash is weak
1	Small, Scene Mode, includes battery and charger
1	Great Pictures, Great time saver
0	everything else
0	Jams easily. A bit on the costly side.
0	Large, heavy, wheels squeak
0	Should be call DuraDull
0	Comes with a small memory card, need more memory
1	Really great colors and crisp pictures.
0	Short battery life.
1	Great color display!  Small, sleek, very light - nice phone!! Free online downloads!
1	beauty, ease of use, safety
0	Lacks Good Security, All Features NOT Avaliable everywhere, Screen Hard To See In Sunlight
1	easy, easy, easy. Copy discs for friends, voila!!
1	Nice features.
0	None Found
0	None, total satisfaction
0	May be too compact.  Not a camera for a person with large hands
1	Excellent battery life; very good coverage; built-in MP3 player
0	Expensive
0	Cartridges expensive, slow, problems when changing from defaults
1	Great Price and Performance.  Real fast good quality copier for the money.
0	THIS THING EATS BATTERIES LIKE MAD!, Poor Zoom quality &amp; shutter lag.
1	Very cool phone, stylish and superb features.
1	Pics are good, easy to use
1	Great LCD, 3x zoom, comact, lightweight, and durable
1	Unbreakable!  Good reception and easy to use.
1	trendy, good call quality, speakerphone
0	terrible quality
1	Small, attractive design, nice interface, high degree of multifunctionality
0	Draft mode produces squiggly line at bottom.
1	Picture quality, ease of use
1	Zoom is very good 16x - Floppy Disk saves - MOTION !
1	Versatile, with good features for a real-world office situation.
1	It fits in my purse,  This is better than no phone at all
0	USB problems; unreliable.
1	light, compact, many features
1	Solidly built, functional phone, with some nice features.
0	Plastic tripod mount, can't access battery or CF release while mounted on tripod (BIG WHOOP!!)
0	No access to raw pixels
0	It's a little too big and heavy to carry in your pocket.
0	Unreliable, poor software
1	Screen, camera, easy to follow menus, lot more features than I will probably ever use.
1	Terrific versatile camera. Dream camera for amateurs.
0	Bad pictures at night time, Battery Life, Slighly oversized
0	Ink cartridges a little pricey.
0	reds are too bright
1	Tiny size, fast startup, it just feels right.
0	Power Usage, Slow Response When Cold
0	Have had many problems with it
0	The zoom is not as powerful as the rest of the camera's features.
1	Great Value, 12ppm, Decent Quality
1	It's sleek, thin and stylish, but there's where it stops.
1	Apert.Priority and Shut.Priority, 4MP, AA size batts
0	expensive
0	Bulky
0	Slow printing, Tech support says its toll free but to talk to a real person cost money
0	battery life, have to flip the flash
0	None
1	Standard JPEG format, 10x optical zoom, sturdy
1	Excellent functionality/features, very good image quality
0	3rd party designer keypads prone to wear
1	Mp3 player, camera, thin phone
0	Pricey toy, Not meant for fast repetitive shooting, lighting stinks
1	Fast operation, good image quality, solid feeling design
0	Can't think of any
1	Easy to use...many functions at the clik of a finger...
1	Battery life, durability, sound quality
1	Pink!, Great reception, Web enabled, Good battery life, Easy, Good camera, Good memory, Bluetooth
1	Instant viewing
0	everything
0	ink will get expensive, slow, inkjet text can smear.
1	Pictures are CLEAR and colors are quite VIBRANT! Awesome camera!!
1	Excellent, vivid, sharp photos
0	volume is too low. Needs more memory. Needs longer talking time. needs 1200 mAH.
0	Ink hog, occasional problem with ink clog, expensive cartridges
0	setting up USB; loading bundled software; need larger memory card
1	Text Quality, Print output very good
0	Uncanny hardware problem.  Cannot focus well in dark light or close-up.
1	Good picture quality, CompactFlash compatible, decent zoom, many advanced features.
0	poor images, poor user interface, poor software
1	Small, lightweight, flip-phone style, lit display, lots of number storage.
1	Feature rich, good reception, stylish
1	converts to carraige
1	SPEAKER PHONE!  Direct Connect feature.
1	accommodates 2 children, easy to fold and unfold
1	Holds 80 lbs., adjustable handle, rubber wheels swivel and lock
0	Lens cap is not attached to the camera in any way.  It eats batteries.
1	Great resolution, great zoom, it can take a beating
1	Good color balance, good manual override, interesting video abilities, nice interface, reasonable price
1	Direct connect, internet capable, download games, voice recording, etc
1	Lightweight, durable, great turning radius.
0	EATS BATTERIES!!! Buy the save cartridge or it only takes 10 pictures!!!
1	Excellent ergonomic design,reliable and efficient.
0	Bulky and Noisy
1	water repellent canopy
0	not colour screen
0	I don't feel that there are any cons about this stroller.
1	Sound quality, lightweight, color screen
1	The next generation in convergent audio technology
0	Win2k operation problems.
1	size, price, image quality, ease of use
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	No usb cable included.
0	So far I haven't found any.
0	Built-in LED flash not worth using.
0	Buggy drivers (?), noisy, pricey replacement cartridges.
1	Picture quality, design, features
0	a little bulky by today's standards
0	None
0	inhales batteries, 2x zoom
0	Needs constant supply of fresh batteries
0	Paper/Ribbon pack hard to find locally but plenty available online, prints up to 4x6
1	Price, options offered
1	Small, Lightweight, external caller id box
1	Lots of space, holds more weight than the others, removable basket underneath, easy to use, excellent customer service and quality.
0	pricey with or without a contract.  side button ignores calls if pressed by accident.
1	Floppy Disk, Ease of Use
1	Best camera in all of their features.
1	Still looking
1	Bluetooth, GPRS, Tri-band, Email client, Great reception, Decent battery life.
1	2.0 Mega pixels,LCD screen,great quality photos when not zooming.
0	Slow
1	Fast, Quiet, reliable, awesome print quality, Print head on cartridge.
1	speed, convenience, efficiency, professional
1	Takes excellent photographs and is easy to use
0	terrible battery charge capacity-internal earpiece and ringer barely audible
1	Cheap, Picture it Software
0	Small Factory Installed Media Stick, Asking price high
0	No optical zoom, no USB support for Windows 95, large investment for a first camera
0	no vibrating battery, no Nokia faceplates available
0	price, bulky design, memory hogging drivers
0	none
0	Fair Image Quality (Compared to 35mm)
1	Stylish, Small, Comfortable, Professional.
1	Easy to use, good pictures, nice zoom
0	Pricey, Poor Manual and Poorly Designed Lens Cap
1	Easy install, great color, faxes flawlessly.
0	Cheap feel, slow powerup, slow number lookup, inconsistent menu, poor menu buttons
1	Great features, great tiny size, great battery life, great phone.
1	Dual Number Pads, Speakerphone, mini keyboard
0	none 
1	small size, silver coloring, easy to use interface, excellent battery life and short charge times
1	No film developing, environmentally sound
1	small, compact, good backlighting
0	telescoping Antenna
1	excellant printing, light weight, very durable!
1	Motorola reputation, solid phone, clear sound
1	Extremely fast, excellent 2400 x 1200 photo printing, cartridge last long time.
1	Tri-mode, standard Nokia features (ring tones, etc.)&#13;&#10;
0	Extremely poor battery life 1/2 hour tops.
1	GREAT PHOTO QUALITY!!! six color inks, ALL SOFTWARE WORKS ON MAC OS X
1	good crisp color screen
1	This phone is extremely easy to use and has great sound quality.
1	Full keyboard, exstensive battery life, tons of features
1	Easy to use, straight forward functions and design.
0	Not the top printer in the range
1	Feels great in hand, looks handsome, great talk quality, clear display
0	Discontinued
0	only 4 meg chip with camera; not the highest resolution
1	Light weight, 8MB starter card, optical 3x zoom
0	None
1	Lightweight, compact, easy to use, takes beautiful photos
0	thinking?? nope, can't think of any!
1	Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
1	Easy to use
1	A great small good quality camera.
0	Not two way speakerphone, no alpha sort for phone book
1	Good resolution, floppy storage, 14x Zoom, Sound/Movie modes
0	Higher quality printing can be sluggish, somewhat of an ink hog.
0	Not Much
0	Loud as anything I have ever heard! As slow as Mother Theresa to a strip joint.
1	inexpensive and excellant photo quality
0	No memory card slots.
0	not good for fast action, best used on still subjects
1	Price
1	37mm threads, LCD Screen, Price, Quality, Everything!!
1	Good images, uploadable, easy to use, LCD, everything
1	Changeable faceplates, long battery life, great reception, durable construction.
0	Auto-focus, Low-light pictures, Underexposes, Laggy, Poor button layout, Annoying UI
0	Not Perfect Quality
1	Easy to use. Lens is protected. Good quality in the pictures. The phone technical help is good too.
0	none
1	Superb Quality Pictures, LOW LOW PRICE, TRUE 1.3megapixel,  super portable
0	Accessories hard to find
0	none so far
1	Easy to use
0	Skimpy memory stick
1	Takes very sharp pictures
1	GREAT CLARITY, easy to use, cool camera, great sounding ringtones, great 65,000 color screen.
1	ease of use, looks, walkie talkie
1	Generally good image quality, ease-of-use.
0	none
1	Small and thin, color screen, higher speed web, feature-rich
1	Prints accurate pictures (in color and black/white), easy to use, efficient.
1	Small, easy to use, and takes great pics
1	It's got games, a calendar, and a 199-number memory.
0	software
1	Sleek, Functional, sweet phone!
1	Quality, Usefulness, and Looks wrapped up in one phone.
1	Great pictures, great features, great price
0	Would be better if it came w/ AC power source and Zoom upgradeability.
1	No Wasted Pictures, Save and MAKE money
1	Very portable, sleek, tons of accessories and user replaceable parts, good reception.
1	Small size, lots of functions, great price. It's a Nokia.
1	Excelent prints on Epson Glossy paper
0	none
0	No optical zoom.
1	Good quality for the price
1	easy to download, needs no extra cables to connect to your PC
0	gets skin-graft hot after a while. has like, 3 ringtones.
0	Uneven results indoors, under low-light conditions
0	Don't lose the manual, you WILL need a larger memory card and rechargable batteries
0	I don't know of any
0	Movie mode not that great!
0	Easy to press unwanted buttons while holding camera, limited movie time
1	Cheap, good text quality, relatively small footprint for a laser
0	Bulky, heavy, no bluetooth
0	No case.  Awkward zoom control
0	Poor quality pictures, ugly, bulky, not enough features.
0	HARD TO FIND ONE
0	Colors Are Not As Sharp As I Would Like
1	Size, speed, stylish, affordable
0	Bulky, hard to carry around
1	superb picture quality at 4.0 megapixels, easy to use, small and stylish
1	Brand reputation, clear printing
1	Small, great Reception and sound quality, comfortable to use, can sync contacts
0	the infant car seat design is poor, tray pops off easily
1	Excellent sound quality, good battery life, very durable.
1	Clear and user friendly
1	Good reception, Neat features, OK Camera, Long Battery Life
1	Easy to use and cost productive
0	Very noisy
1	easy fold up and storage, soft ride for baby
1	Light, good-looking, games, and web-ready
1	This camera is fast, easy to use, and has a terrific zoom.
1	Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
0	none!
0	NO SUPPORT..
1	Amazing Picture "quality."
1	Bluetooth, calendar with IR sync to Outlook (or other computer calendars), multiple call handling.
0	You have to swap black and photo cartridges, they go in the same slot
1	very light weight
0	Are there any?
1	Quality print outs with perfect color, fast, and easy to use.
0	lack of options
1	Size, customizability, lots of features
0	ringer stinks, charger is terrible, battery life
0	legal copies, have to pay for help
0	There are digital cameras for snapshot use that are newer, and more advanced yet still cost wise for the picture taker.
1	Best 270 dollar digital camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Update-on sale at $199,  a super deal 
0	manufacturing problem
0	Haven't found any yet!
1	Good quality inkjet printer and color copier
0	Takes a while to get pictures onto computer
1	Easy to use; works great; dependable mfg.
1	Great text, good photos, accurate color, ink goes a long way, and prints pretty quietly
1	Easy to use, Great pictures
1	Good Picture Quality (the 25 it took)
1	Pros: Easy to use, Picture quality excellent on all resolutions (superfine, fine, and basic)
0	Manual flash
1	Excellent picture quality; flexible &amp; easy picture settings
1	easy, quality
1	The size, flip-up, super packed features are enough to make your mouth water
1	cheap, good print quality on special papers
1	Excellent automatic operation. Macro mode works from 8 inches to infinity.
0	Eats batteries like you would not believe.
0	A little shaky due to lamp heads warming up. Ink used up quickly.
0	Short Battery Life.
0	short battery life, small display
0	Replacement ink is expensive, and it is kind of slow and a little loud
0	small screen, low battery life (can be upgraded), no games, no message waiting LED
0	Color does not always perform, customer service has major problems
0	Expensive, Awkward to fold, hard to turn, very small basket
1	It's cheap, and it prints envelopes., Rarely jams up., 
1	Low Cost
0	No USB cable included, software is a bit weak
0	RECEPTION!
1	Top notch quality
0	buttons, back cover loose
0	na
0	Only if it breaks down, you're out more than just 1 machine
0	Size
0	Menus could be more intuitive.  Too few characters allowed for names in phone book.
1	Nice menus, great view screen
1	easy to use, no extra costly parts
1	Excellent image quality, good price, USB support
1	Good controls, sharp pictures, good manual mode
1	Multiple functions, software bundle
1	Great pictures at a great price
1	Great features, nice screen, good camera and video.
0	You've got to wait a long time before it prints for the primming process.
0	Slow to open and close
1	Bang for the Buck, Mega-pixel, LCD for under $300
1	Inexpensive printer.  Multiple ways to hook it up.
1	Easy to transfer pictures to your computer; requires no software or external cables
1	Storage, printing quality
1	Fast and high quality text, easy network connection
1	Rugged, good display, great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
0	no light to tell if it's on or not!
1	Ease of use, well-written instructions, versatility, storage capacity
1	small &amp; lightweight SLR style cam, hundreds of features yet simple for beginners
0	slow OS, OS crashes, accessories unplug themselves too easy, buried functionality
0	Poor battery life, huge size, does not ring loud enough
1	Light-weight, small, durable, easy to use, stylish
1	Light weight, great clarity, easy functions, easy to use.
1	Lightweight, easy to fold down, large storage area, parent and child cup holders
0	Price, Size
0	Underpowered flash, poor focusing, short battery life.
1	Great as a phone. Excellent sound, clarity, signal strength, volume. No dropouts.
0	Short battery life, number of miscellaneous problems with phone.
1	Good battery life & features
1	Good quality,
1	Reasonable price, inexpensive black ink cartridges, 35-page document feeder.
1	Zoom Capability,20mb card,recharging batteries,great reprints on Epson printer.
1	Cheap phone, good bang for your buck, appealing look
1	Easy to use, Quick uploads
0	none
1	ziess lens, B&amp;W mode, mpeg mode, style
0	Hard to break down and somewhat heavy.
1	Image quality, battery life, hot-shoe for ext. flash
0	Bundled software not user friendly
1	resolution, automatic duplexing, looks nice
0	Sound quality seems inconsistent. Not sure if it is the phone or service.
0	Eats batteries. Memory could be bigger.
0	The quality of the phone is bad and the quality of the service is worse
1	It's cheap, easy usb connectivity, compact and very portable. 
1	Takes Beautiful Pictures
0	A little noisy
0	Slow recording speed, bulky and heavy.
0	Fiddly for bigger hands
0	Limit on songs in iTunes, voice recognition could use improvement.
1	Lots of features for a "cheap" phone.
1	Super sexy design. Beautiful screen. Bluetooth.
1	Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
0	No battery charger, slightly smaller LCD, poor digital zoom(typical), and no case
1	Can take Hundreds of Pictures
0	Is does not work often.
1	Cost-low
0	No OBEX/Bluetooth File Transfer support
0	Speakerphone
0	no extra filters or lenses for this camera
1	reliable, straight paper path, irDA 
0	Doesn't stop quickly
1	Easy install, reliable, acceptable quality
1	inexpensive, compact, nice pictures for use on the web, easy to use
1	Easy, great quality, love the disk in/out feature
0	Very slow when other programs are running,
1	Many features.
0	Terrible red-eye problem
0	The Phone is Small and has a Short Battery Life.
1	Superb picture quality, fun to use
1	Cheap, photoquality prints. Large format.
1	compact & functional
0	ring tones,
0	no real zoomability, and costly memory cards
1	Excellent battery life as well as good reception and clarity.
1	Portable, functional, extremely mobile
1	light weight, small, web ready
1	Great Quality Pictures and simple to use in automatic mode!
1	sleek, elegant, great features
0	Hate that shutter lag!
1	Cheap
0	Zooming drains battery life, no viewfinder
0	none
1	Rugged, waterproof, droppable, easy to use
0	Choppy videos, Interface sometimes slow or freezes up, Camera drains battery
1	lightweight, screen on front cover
0	Bulky
0	poor battery life, not user friendly
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
1	Better screen, better speakerphone, better battery, voice memo
1	Six paints cartridge, great quality, magnificent details, good software
1	Cost. Multifunction. Light. Easy to use.
0	Sub standard quality for all features
1	The next generation, all the features, good price
1	Size of cigarette pack. Crisp pictures. Many functions. Great first digital cam!
0	Small memory card, no rechargeable batteries
1	Screen, Sound, FM Radio, Battery life, Easy to use, Price
0	Poorly built, not actually made by Compaq.
1	Quiet, Fast, Reads "Memory Cards" (not Sony Memory sticks) directly, Works well on inexpensive paper.
1	Affordable, if not free with computer packages.
1	Compact size, easy to work around, alarm feature. NO CAMERA! Very durable...just ask the concrete!
1	multifunction, up to 5760 x 720 dpi, cheaper ink cartridges
1	uses SmartMedia, USB removable storage mode, RCA out
1	Gorgeous screen, cool body design, very easy to use camera, IMAP/POP email client.
0	Seems a little thin when talking for long periods of time.
1	style, weight, appearance
1	Great quality and speed
1	Great Photo maker and two-sided printing.
0	problems with reliable reception.
1	Great pictures, lightweight, easy to use
1	Absolutely NONE for me!!!
0	Two handed reclining mechanism, hard to reach connecting hook
0	Same old Moto menu system...
0	Not super fast
0	TOO BIG, Lots of sub-menus, No call forward menu
1	Very useful.
0	Very large-hogs alot of car space, not very "cute" patterns.
0	Photo print quality not as good as competitors
0	no USB port
1	Smooth ride, Turns easily, Comfy for toddler, Adjustable handle, Looks great
1	photos transfer from camera to software quickly, easy to get started with
0	heavier than other umbrella strollers; no cupholder
0	only one seat adjustment, limited sun-screening
1	Small size, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
0	Ink cartridges expensive
0	weak flash, poor for people with big hands
1	Lots of great features. Easy to use. 
0	Takes time to install the software.
1	Durable, good size, long battery life.
0	Takes a bit of practice to get it unfolded
1	Cost, Size, interface
1	Visual feedback, 1-button access to features, easy review, sound
0	Perfect only for point and shoot. Uses SD card(more expensive). Only comes with 8MB. 
1	Crystal Clear Sound
1	nice pictures,small,convenient
0	a flip phone that has no protection for the main screen.
0	battery cost a little high
0	Expensive 
0	mechanical problems with display and cover
0	Pricey
0	Battery life not as advertised
0	buggy, poor reception, sucks with Verizon
1	Basic styling is nice-looking and great feeling, and it's got a color screen!
1	Solid,  easy to use in basic mode
0	Single Band, Background noise
0	possibly the large size, the model has been disconinued
0	Display contrast, keypad buttons new design.
0	Bad voice quality by default, pathetic battery life, no drivers, no bluetooth.
0	none yet
0	noisy,good only for individual users and SoHo users
0	phone case
1	Lightweight, easy to steer, and sturdy. Inexpensive while big on style!
0	none...completely satisfied
0	battery contact problem
0	shutter lag, poorly written manual, menus not user friendly
1	low-cost, good quality
1	Small, light and slick
0	A tad bit slow
0	battery life could be longer
0	No data cable for it, so getting ring tones into it costs you minutes.
0	It's HUGE, quite expensive and the software crashes.
0	expensive functionality
0	Uses a lot of power
1	Size, Picture Quality, features &amp; beauty.
0	Nextel service, digital only capability
0	Short battery life
0	Batteries drain too quickly, Included Software Sucks
1	Purchase price
1	Sleek, slim, light weight, great battery life...
0	Speed is not what they say and the, paper jams.
1	Great quality, robust, reliable
0	Nothing is perfect
1	Excellent print speed and quality
1	None.
0	Standard memory is low, full documentation only on CD-ROM
1	Easy to Use, Good Calender and Alarm functions, Durable, Sleek, Overall Great Value
1	small camera! large lens and megapixels for money
0	No internal vibrate feature,only works with the awful AT&T service &#13;&#10;
0	completely broke when dropped once!
0	durability
1	size, ease of use, 
0	extremely unreliable
0	cartridges, but I think they are all expensive!
1	hmm...
1	price
0	External antenna can break off, camera is behind current standards.
0	Not enough zoom
0	tough to catch candid shots due to delay 
0	Too bad printing quality printing in fast mode, problems with the windows ME driver.
1	Easiest camera in the world to use.
0	image storage speed (slow), autofocus speed (slow)
0	LCD display is jerky and slow, no carrying case, AC adaptor expensive ($50), poor digital zoom
0	Communicam
1	Fast, high quality color printing.
1	Features, display, bluetooth, quality/reception.
1	Great image quality, pocketability, canon quality
1	Great camera, excellent picture quality, and a zoom lense for close ups!
1	Compact and lightweight, menu likes on Windows, 28 languages of menu, good sound and sensitivity
0	Could include carrying case...
1	Dual cartridge unit, (Black/Color), can use a photo cartridge.
1	Small, lightweight, Color Display, cool-looking.
1	Great battery life, nice looking phone, plenty of features, awesome price.
1	Solid Construction, ease of use and color accuracy
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
0	Noisy photo feed! Limited Software for Mac OS9 and OSX!
1	Small, compact, light
1	Versatility, flat bed, networking, setup
0	Web Interface Slow, Font Size Frustrating
0	none that i can think of so far.........
1	great picture quality - easy to use - impressive zoom
0	Incompatible w/ XP laptops, ink problems, poor paper feed, poor support
0	volume not that loud
0	No manual focus!  Numerous other frustrations.
0	Slow, Voice Dialing doesn't work, practically everything about the phone.
0	Almost none
1	Space saving paper tray, Cost
0	noise, paper tray
0	none
1	Fast speed, low per page cost.
1	Good price to performance ratio, easy to use. Good image quality. 
1	small, stylish, lightweight, color screen
1	Takes great pictures, Takes pictures FAST, AMAZING battery life, and has a great lens!
0	could use bigger flash card
0	Not quite light-weight as claimed
1	Swivel LCD, Remote control, Flash hot-shoe, Type II CF Compatability
1	takes great close-ups
0	Silly looking. No features. Auto compensation in low light screws up sunsets.
0	slow fixed focus lens (=average image quality), no optical zoom, no tripod mount
1	Small size
1	Under a hundred bucks, 1200 dpi
0	It is a very simple phone.
0	-Software is a little slow, software version .03 is supposed to fix this.
0	needs an integrated flash.
1	great price, great value, great product
1	size, durable
0	Some features difficult to access
0	paper jams constantly, wastes ink
0	battery meter, buttons, font
1	Bright screen, camera/video, OK reception
0	Cars+cell phone= possible wreck
1	easy to use
1	Great details and amazing colours.
0	Poor text quality... and only marginal color photo printing.
0	cost
0	Limited ringtones, low ring volume, uneven keypad lighting
1	Nice display, good battery life, reception anywhere, cool voice dial,
1	Nice Text Output, Decent Photo Output on Canon Paper
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
0	not the best quality, but okay
0	discontinued
1	quality of documents are very impressive
0	Paper load is a bit touchy, , * Printer Software CD 
0	Cheap design of lens cover and usb/AC jack cover (neither stay in place).
0	Small paper capacity
1	Look, Looks you get, capabilities and questions asked about the phone and service.
1	Small, easy to use
0	No Color Screen.
0	price,no longevity, sound quality
0	Bulky, drops calls, camera not good
0	SprintPCS Only, Bulky, Slow contact lookup, Clumsy side switch; quiet ringer
0	No image stabilization, the C730 could use both SM and xD cards, 
0	Sound quality.
1	FAST, Excellent Color/Black Print Quality.
1	Compact, see-thru cover, speakerphone
1	Reasonably priced.
1	Color, Color, Color.  Battery Life and Great Reception.
1	Large color screen, Lots of features, Direct connect feature
0	Pricey, battery life, can't remove default pictures
0	Toner and drum units seem expensive. Found toner at Sam's for $89.00 though. Quite noisy.
1	Samll, Simple, Olympus quality
0	Focus depth could be better, battery life could be longer.
0	Driver's CPU usage, price, Windows XP driver stinks.
1	Great Pictures-Easy to use
1	see above.
0	Battery Life, antenna sticks up
1	Feature-packed for price.  Great resolution.  Compact form.  Looks Good.
0	none found yet, had to toss out my good 4 in 1 hp .....
1	fast print for it's size, multifunction
1	Many features and functions, easy to use, flip phone, excellent quality
1	Quality, ease of use, zoom
0	Haven't found one.
1	IR port, vibrator, seems durable
1	Somewhat quiet, affective
0	size, dropped calls, volume, menus and phonebook
0	TOO LIGHT AND PORTABLE AND NUMBER PAD TOO SMALL
1	Very bright backlight, very stylish
0	Ink cartridges are pricey and difficult to refill.
1	good quality prints
1	Good quality, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
0	none
1	I'd probably have to sum it up to QUALITY, QUALITY, QUALITY!
0	Too many, read the review
1	A decent preview screen, changeable storage media, multimedia capabilities, short video recording
1	Super smooth, easy to assemble, comfortable for baby
0	Read-eye when using flash, drains batteries fast.
0	must accessorize, semi-long time for picture to load
1	Fast setup, low cost, excellent print quality.
1	Quality large images, medium size
1	STYLE, COLOR, WEIGHT, AND SERVICE
0	- hangs pretty frequently
1	easy to use great quality photos
0	No USB cable included, other minor.
1	Cheap, easy to use
1	none
0	Instructions almost non existent
1	Very small long battery life great reception
1	Sound Quality, Reception and features.
0	No optical zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be nice
0	Limited "gadget" features/ Ringers aren't loud / Limited battery/ Pretty big compared to others
1	great size and talk time
1	Easy to use!!
1	great text, good price
0	loud and slow startup, ink consumption. low ink life
1	Quality construction, great features, terrific pictures, flexibility, compatibility
1	good price, easy to use
1	Stunning Photos, quiet operation
0	None
0	Keys a bit sticky
0	medium quality on regular paper, ink hog
0	battery life, reception, price, not tri-mode
0	Speakers go out. Limited ring choices. Voice Activated Dialing not as accurate as older phones.
0	Could use a faster chip, or shorter pauses between actions.  GSM towers still being built.
0	Uses a serial port to transfer, no DC adapter in package.
0	Only works with some versions of windows. Ink is expensive, speed is horrible
0	Need more pixels!!
0	Print quality is lessened unless using expensive paper
1	Clear, crisp, quick printing. Economy print option to save on ink cartridges.
0	A bit bulky
1	Fantastic battery life, speakerphone, high-contrast display, charger.
0	drivers, control panel, crooked printing
1	Great image quality, swivel lens, optical zoom
0	LENS CAP!, Lack of a zoom feature, Propriety USB connection
0	Memory stick (digital film) included with camera is only 4 mb, too small
1	several features, cute, portable
1	Looks good
0	maybe too small for some people's hands, Don't drop this phone!!
0	Needs expensive paper
0	if you phone is unlocked be careful of whos name you say, you might accidently call them.
0	some phase contrast problems
1	It was free.
0	Image quality is poor without good lighting, may break if dropped, 
1	Voice activation, nice screen, looks good, good reception
1	Small, light, looks good, great battery life, excellent sound and signal quality
1	Web access, large screen, external caller ID
1	Easy to operate, beautiful photos and editing bonus.
1	good quality pictures and .avi video considering resolution and cons!
1	Sleek, compact, performs well
0	Antenna, Small Buttons
0	not a blessed thing
1	Size, quality, flexibility
1	Very cheap, small footprint
0	no speaker phone, no vibe+ring, doesn't remember time
1	&lt;b&gt;Extreme&lt;/b&gt; value, inexpensive, reliable
0	Vertical paper tray causes paper to slip(update-This is fixed), No other complaints
1	Easy to push and turns great.
0	you get what you pay for, this isn't for photo printing
1	Awesome photo quality on Epson papers
1	Very easy to to use 
0	lack of manual settings, no direct USB hookup
0	Prints slightly skewed, no USB connections, Noise.  Annoying sterile robotic voice  which repeats error and need messages (i.e. out of paper, etc.).
1	Flat bed floor under 5 month old.
1	Sleek rubber skin, good reception, voice commands.
0	Noisy, cartridge prices
0	Battery Life, Randomly Turns off, Low Battery Warning, Must turn off occasionally
1	great photo quality, lcd viewfinder, movie/sound recording, easy to use
1	reception, etc. Everything but the antenna.
0	Not compatible with Windows XP
1	Inexpensive &amp;quot;development&amp;quot; of photographs, excellent quality (if you choose that setting) and more!
1	Small and easy to carry.
1	Beautiful output
0	Nextel Customer service, on-line customer service is a joke.
0	None
0	Not the best reception, poor build quality (speaker stopped working, phone stopped working)
1	price, excellent quality, 2 cartridges (one color, one black), ability to print directly from digital camera storage media, you can copy data from a memory card in the printer to your computer
1	takes good up close pictures in the dark
1	Great Image Quality; Excellent Features
0	Printheads easily become dirty; quickly, Consumables blindingly expensive
0	sound quality, reception
1	Prints out pictures well.
1	High Resolution and very easy to use
1	Great quality, well built, quiet
1	UNIQUE DESIGN, NICE COLORS, GOOD VOLUME
1	Tiny, tons of features, you can customize it, user friendly.
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
1	Print, scan, and copy without cutting corners
1	3-in-one, digital camera, video camera, and PC camera! 
0	Expensive ink; significant "banding" in photo printouts; too "idiot-proof"; noisy.
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
0	Expensive, but worth it if it's used a lot
1	Great picture quality
1	quality product w/good output. Quiet and affordable
1	Light weight with the comfort of the full-size stroller
0	As stated above, the phone has really no cons.
0	No speakerphone option, rudimentary PIM application
0	Battery life, menu navigation
0	no storage
0	Small Starter Storage, Avg. Picture Quality, Flaky Zoom
1	Print quality, HP customer Service
1	Easy of use.  Floppies pop in, out and into computer!
1	All technical features.
1	Ease of use and quality
1	6 cartridges, high quality color printing, 
1	Much better resolution than HP Deskjets
0	Requires time to learn using all the functions
0	None so far
0	nod LCD screen, drivers can conflict.
1	Works in US and Europe, great sound quality, durable
1	great sound, gets good signal (compared to other phones in the same geographic area), voicenotes
0	batteries...
1	Has an AC Adapter
1	Price/Quality, agfanet prints, size, software bundle, versatility
0	Reception indicator seems flakey, bad contact list setup.
1	Great pictures, very easy to use. Small!
0	Only 16 MB of memory.  What were they thinking?
1	Easy to use; Upgradable with compactflash cards; Great price.
1	2.3 megapixels, low price
1	cheap, reasonable quality
0	battery doesn't last long, phone directory is not easy to use
0	"Only" 2.1 MP, larger and heavier than most digital cameras
1	Stylish, Lightweight, small, nice layout
1	Good picture quality, ease of use, solid construction, memory card slot, 3 quality settings. 
0	Battery life, no analog, PC sync extra, sound quality sub-par, expensive
1	Inexpensive, compact
1	Kodak quality and reputation; Lightweight and easy to use; Good battery life.
0	Buttons are small
1	Easy to use, good pictures, good even for hobbyists, 
0	Bulky and expensive
0	questionable paper feed mechanism; questionable durability
1	If you are getting this phone for free, it will meet your expectations.
1	It was free; lots of ring tones; games and other cool features
0	Paper jams frequently, color pages are slow and fuzzy
1	easy to use, best camera for the money
0	Reception not great "GSM NOKIA WAY BETTER", Slow interface, front scratches easily
1	Sharp pictures, easy to use
1	Good size, easy to hear, tri-mode, voice-activated dialing
1	User-friendly controls, quiet
1	inexpensive, user friendly, resolution vs. price
1	it's a phone &amp; it works, audio dialing
0	Several fatal flaws; SIZE, Battery longevity, record quality, recording length(1 min max), unintuitive OS, keypad-blech!
0	The pixels are still big, and background pictures make it hard to see the writing.
1	Versatile face plate exchanges, 39 ring tones, Caller ID, 3 Games, Call log
0	Separate lens cap, slow recycle time, included 8MB mem stick is too small
0	the antenna bends, and then breaks waaaay to easily, weak earpiece, not fully customizable
0	price
0	Can't make calls, can't keep a call on the phone...
1	Easy to operate, folds flat, lightweight at 24 lbs.
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Lots of features.  A good value for money in 4-Mega-pixel group.
1	inexpensive entry in the color printing market
0	Software installation took a couple of attempts for me
1	quality,speed,price
1	works at a good speed, near-perfect color, doesn't jam
1	Relatively quiet, relatively fast (in B&amp;W mode only)
0	Slow in color,
1	Ultra fast printing, low price, small size, print quality, made by HP.
0	No "real" control panel, no power switch (both of which are marginal complaints at best)
1	Easy to use, sharp detailed images
1	ease of use, LCD display, lens modes, extras
1	nice little and durable phone
1	This is a great photo quality printer.
0	Color printing can be slow at higher resolutions
1	Sleek, lightweight, great big screen.
1	Very nice text and photo printing.
0	easily damaged if dropped, expensive to repair, warranty void if damaged
1	Pros
1	Ease of use, special features
1	Size and weight - no need for carrying clip etc. fits in front pocket.
0	Makes Duracell's look like a California Blackout!
1	This is the Cell Phone to have for those on the run.
1	cheap
1	Loaded with features, and the battery lasts forever.
0	not as clear as other cameras 
1	Good features
0	none
1	Good quality photos, easy to use, ideal for the beginner
0	The price: 1,999, also the amount of photos it can hold (see below for details)
1	Moveable/rotating LCD, Nice looking,picture editing in camera, price.
0	Paper wrinkles when doing double sided printing once in awhile
1	Cost, efficient, 2-cartridge system
0	Frequent crashes that wipe out the databases make this a novelty, not a business tool.
0	No seperate black cartridge
1	So easy to use; great picture quality
1	light, compact, good features, usually strong signal and large calling radius.
1	Great for that child that thinks she is too big for a stroller
1	Simple to use, print is very clear in black and color. 
0	Screen is easily damaged; poor battery life
1	Laser printer. Size.
0	Use a rubber mat to stop the slight shaking.
1	A Top Class Mobile Phone.
1	Easy to use, prints real good, scans great.
0	Battery life is very short, memory card does not hold many high resolution pictures.
1	economical, good close ups
1	Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
0	poor battery life, 3x optical 6x digital zoom.
1	Gorgeous Images, USB Ready, 2.1 Megapixels, Inexpensive, Easy to use...
1	Size, Quality, Speed, Picture Quality
1	Small,lots of features
1	Pretty. Fashionable. Thin. Light. Bluetooth.
1	Light, Color display, Polyphonic ringtones, thin, fast, good background lighting, and good for customizing.
1	Affordable, fun, and easy
0	Battery life, Picture memory, Application costs
1	Big zoom. Great features. Very easy to use. Nice shots with good colors.
1	Standard interface, sharp color screen, nice features, clarity and good range
1	Battery life, Color screen, ease of use, Weight
0	UI far from Nokia class
1	5-point harness; stands upright when folded; canopy; attached rain cover
0	Slow and awkward menu system. Not always easy to find your way around its features.
0	Needs better quality control, phones aren't all the same, sometimes has software crashes, and a bit pricey
0	Bad prints and scans, slow, jams a lot, Large streaks with black prints
0	Cost of Paper/Ink, Time to Print.
1	A Cheap, easy to use camera.
1	Too many to list, but my fave is it's functionality.
1	Software, usb connectivity, price, easy to use
1	Quiet, Nice Output, High Ink Quality
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
0	bad reception Volume sucks,battery dies quick
1	great picture quality
1	Good Price
1	Build Quality, Lens, 4MP CCD, and Excellent Color Saturation
0	No viewfinder. 3 second shutter delay. , Size of a SLR.
1	Size, Battery life, Radio, Easy to Use
1	Small, Excellent Ergonomics, Long Battery Life, Good Clarity, Tri-Mode, Lots of Features and Accessories&#13;&#10;
0	Strictly JPEG file format
1	Easy to use, floppies make for easy transfer, takes abuse well
1	Easy to maneuver
1	easy to use, takes great pictures
0	A little too big, some problems with 3d party apps, bugs, stylus problems
1	Combines four machines in one
1	Super fast start up hardly any lag between shooting at all resolutions
0	Can't find any yet...
0	image quality
1	Great storage of media, many capabilities and a well known manufacturer.
0	Small CF Card Included, Imaging Software Included Lacks Power
0	WASTES TOO MUCH INK, and the ink cartridges are too expensive!
0	none so far
1	Voice quality and service, media player, slim form factor,
1	The draft quality mode is pretty fast, but the ink bleeds everywhere...
0	Squeeeeeeky, and then some
0	Loud, slow
1	Outstanding indoor shots. Optical zoom. Good battery life. USB.
1	Speaker-phone, easy to use
1	Good Quality
1	EXTREMELY Fast, Great price, Photos are great
1	Low price, ease of use, high &amp;quot;bang for the buck&amp;quot;
0	interface seems a little buggy
0	Somewhat ugly color
1	Many great features
1	High Quality 5MP Pictures, Solid Body &amp; Easy Controls
0	Uses a lot of ink
1	Strong audio quality and long battery life.
0	Jamming the floppy in backwards can harm the drive. (duh!)
1	Inexpensive with loads of options
1	Small. USB connector with craddle base&amp;#13;&amp;#10;JPEG Video capability
0	Bad performance on contrast
0	Lack of flash,  Bad for indoors
0	none at all
0	flash range, slow downloads, battery bills
1	every aspect about it
0	Speed, quality, .........
0	High price
0	Fragile lens cover, no AC adapter
1	Very easy to use.
0	Haven't found any yet.
0	Loud and Slow Start Up, Poor Ink Management!
1	Easy to ues &amp; download,nice screen &amp; zoom, erase unwanted pics
1	Easy to use and hold, great new web features, long lasting battery, great sound quality
1	Tons of fun!
1	Lightweight, easy to use, folds compactly
0	Can't turn off the auto dictionary in messaging.
0	Prone to SPOOL32 errors
0	Not the greatest quality printer.
1	Looks, Size, Quality
1	Great Pictures, good price, good size, metal case, compact flash
0	Too heavy, somewhat flimsy
0	It frustrates me often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
1	Great Media Camera,  no use in having a video camera with this one!!!
0	none
0	Slow turn-on/storage times, no optical zoom, short battery life
0	Not easy to push when handle is in reverse position
1	The phone itself is cool.  good ringtones, small, sleek.
1	Quality, Price, Compatibility
1	Great all around printer
0	black ink smears sometimes in mine
1	GREAT VOICE CLARITY/QUALITY; CAMERA; VIDEO-RECORDER; GREAT PHONE BOOK ORGANIZER
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
1	good image quality, affordable
1	Transforms from newborn to toddler, all in one stroller.
0	low battery life, holster problems
1	Carl Zeiss lens, clear sharp photos
1	Easy to use - great shots
1	Big dpi , good price, doesn't take up much room.
1	small size, very speedy, accessible, never any problems, is very helpful
1	Sound clarity, list of features, sturdy, well built, nice design
1	interchangeable lenses,great images
0	&amp;#13;&amp;#10;The small icons are difficult to read.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	battery life, motion, x2 zoom
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
1	Very easy to use Great pictures
0	Doesn't handle faxes and answering machines well.
0	Manual duplexing, size
0	has tendency to come out of holder easily
1	Small size, calendar, phone book, e-mail, web browser, IR port, Bluetooth, battery life
0	if you use crapy paper you will get crapy photo's
1	battery life, digit buttons, loud rings, tri-mode,
1	great idea, easy to fold
1	it is very easy to use simple instructions
1	clear, the range, the cost, the size
0	pricey
0	No IRDA prort,Program cable not included.
0	no speaker phone
1	The build, sturdy, tough, rotating camera, huge interior lcd
0	Very Big Printer.
1	Size, look, vibrate, easy menu
1	ultra compact size, full features, bright display, easy to use menus, mp3 player
1	quality product - affordable price
0	Low light picture quality poor, lens cap needs a retainer or a strap.
0	too easy to operate
0	Full size camera is a bit bulkier than today's typical digitals.
1	Color screen, excellent battery life, polyphonic rings, large screen
1	Ease of use, importability of pictures into most any system
1	Easy to use
1	user friendly, many uses, cost
1	Improved controls over previous Powershots, long battery life.
1	Very clear calls. Light weight,durable and stylish.
1	Big zoom, small, well made, electronic viewfinder and good pics
0	Doesn't work well with plain paper and uses a lot of ink
0	picture quality, no USB interface
1	easy storage, portable, looks
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	Useless Zoom, Not for High End Users
1	Flexibilities, compactness, night photo, macro, super macro mode, many settings, my mode, historgram, accessories., 
1	good balance of features, price &amp; size
0	Expensive
0	none
0	Doesn't use standard miniplug headset
0	Monochrome display, weak backlighting,
1	Excellent Photo Printing
1	Truly a workhorse for small office.
0	Pullup antenna looks fragile. But rarely will you need to pull it up.
0	Expensive ink
1	small, easy to use, takes WONDERFUL pictures for the price.
0	OK camera, Gets hot!  A little loud
0	A "Throw-away Printer! Noise, supply cost, EPSON Lack of 800 number
1	One phone (GSP 1600) two phone numbers at your convenience.
0	Vibration mode is not strong enough
0	Smaller battery so shorter battery life thank larger phones.
0	Slow and worthless
1	size picture quality good if not using zoom
1	small, durable, many options
1	Great Size/Great Storage
0	it only works sometimes, poor picture quality
1	Picture Quality, lots of features
0	A little pricey
1	good print quality
1	It's cute, prints great pictures...ink is cheap
0	Annoying Software, Older Model
0	Poor menus, crappy default ringtones, battery life.
1	No bills, no statements, and plenty of free services!
0	freaking batteries don't last very long. doesn't come with a case, or rechargeable batteries... 
0	Not cheap
1	Web Enabled, Msn, Great Graphics, Big Screen, One touch Key Guard, Durability. On and On
1	Cheap
1	Quick and efficient with professional results. Capable of 2-sided printing.
0	INK REFILLS ARE NOT CHEAP
0	No where near the quality of other digital cameras
1	Good price-performance value., Everything included.
1	easy to use, simple features, adequate range and power
0	Slow
0	a bit biger than most flip phones
0	Reception, Ringing Tone Volume, Battery Life
0	LCD is in a bad place, I touch it with my thumb every now and then
1	Cool appearance, great pics, simple to operate, video mode, great handling
0	Poor Battery Life, Has low quality settings which is not good.
0	USB functionality does not initialize properly
0	Not the best for adults
0	No auto paper feeder for feeding paper to be into scanner, to be faxed.
0	Jams, flimsy design, no power switch
1	Great Pictures, awesome color and very versatile
1	Small, Good Zoom, Sharp Pictures, Good Price.
1	picture quality, cheap price
0	low batter life, easy to smash, weak signal
1	Typical Color phone nothing fancy.
0	short battery life, incompatable headset jack
0	Incredibly bad decisions on movie file format.  Poor software
1	Easy, Quick
0	Grainy prints of flash or low-light photos.
1	DSC-D770 handles like a 2 1/4 square camera or a full size 35-mm.
1	Best image for under $1000
1	great quality, ink lasts long good price
0	not the most attractive model
1	Size, Infrared Port, T9 predictive text
1	Speed, Print quality,  USB/Parallel
1	Quality, user friendly, cost of consumables
1	cute, lots of goodies, can transfer photos to my bluetooth computer in a snap
0	expensive, slow print speed
1	Low cost, good specs for the money.
0	Surprisingly loud
1	Lots of talk time; Smallest phone I have found; GSM; solid construction
0	Unreliable, awkward menus and side buttons
0	The cartridge gets clogged easily and it costs just as much as the printer
1	Easy and smooth 3 position recline.  Plush fabric. Very lightweight and easy fold. Good maneuverability.
0	N/A
1	Small, nice features
0	Reviewing photos is cumbersome.  No USB connection.
0	Keys could be bigger, ringer volume is way too low
1	battery life, photo quality, features, form factor
0	sucks
0	Slow menu, useless camera, screen poor in sunlight, weak battery life, mediocre reception
0	price
1	Flip phone, scratches less, nice visual
1	Easy to Use
1	Separate ink tanks
1	Very small compact design, fast shutter response time, great quality photos.
1	Compact; Speakerphone Is Great; Radio Function; Plastic Holster
1	Large enough so you can actually see and push the buttons
0	Its hard to hear sometimes in stores,depends on what store though.
0	Uses a lot of battery power, somewhat heavy
0	nothing I can see
0	Canopy could be larger, recline takes getting used to
1	Low price, High Quality
1	Cost, speed, ease of use.
1	thin enough to put in pock, trendy, long battery life, stores a lot of numbers
0	rechargeable battery and charger is not included, an additional $80 online
1	flip phone clear screen good reception
0	To maximize use need to purchase additional flashcards and a reader
1	Great design, mp3 player, 1.3megapixel camera, innovative touch screen interface, good presentation, speakers, bluetooth, lightweight,
0	Features make it complicated to use.
1	size & style
1	Light weight,One handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
0	Front cover is not replaceable.
0	Does not work properly-a complete money pit.
1	price, prints, features
0	Reception, Camera, Java, IM, Crashes
0	Photos less quality than expected.
0	No real ones
0	None that I can see.
1	Speed, Quality
1	Easy to use with one had or two
0	Runs Through Ink Rather Quickly; 
1	Small and convenient to use
0	Does not work FOUR phones dead in a week
1	10x Optical zoom, xd memory, a lot of "ad-ons" available
0	Works poorly indoors
0	1-way speakerphone, faceplate difficulties
1	Durable, tough, easy to use
0	Size
0	HP driver updates some printers is poor.  HP "all-in-one" software demanding.
1	Nice looking and long battery life
0	No melody rings : c (
0	None to Mention
0	Dingy color, poor navigation, slow software, sensitive microphone, etc
0	Uses batteries quickly, recommend an AC adapter.
0	Questionable reliability... poor flash, expensive!
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
0	Little hard on Batteries
0	Expensive
0	Battery live, durability, ring volume and tones, after sales service
1	Low price; fast print speeds; excellent text print quality.
0	No zoom feature
1	stylish, silver flip phone, camera, voice activated calling.
1	Super Photos, long battery life
1	3.1 megapixel, never need film again (process your own pictures), excellent user guide.
0	Everything. It does not print properly
1	Ease of Use, compact, and most importantly, inexpensive
1	Sleek, Cool options
0	Low battery life, Smart Media not as popular as Compact Flash
0	Unreliable. Slow to navigate. Poor construction.
0	Unreliable! Get the extended warranty! Screen problems! Not that user-friendly
1	Astounding Photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, sleek, economic (ink), versatile
0	Flash too strong for extreme close-ups
1	easy to use, awesome pictures, reasonably priced
0	When traveling you will need memory accessories.
1	Great Photos!  Very good on color projects.
0	not the best quality  sucks battery power
1	Nice digital features in an inexpensive phone
1	professional options
1	Outstanding print quality; fast
1	Size, Weight, Carrying Holster, Stylish, Great Reception
1	Small, voice activated dialing, voice memos, looks good, features, battery life
1	Easy to read w/blue display, very compact, high speed data capable
0	Cheated on optical zoom
0	Poor build quality
1	lightweight, easy to fold up to fit in small places, great for travel
0	bad reception w/some plans in some areas
0	The con to this phone is that it isnt that durable to withstand damage.
1	Lightweight and easy to push, great company, great warranty
1	Solid serious phone for grownups.  Rugged and reliable.  Great battery life.
1	Price, good software package, easy-to-use features, good quality photos
0	Warm up time is 7 mins when turned on.
1	Great speed and quality, very affordable
1	Cheap, easy to use, fun
0	No lens cover, no case included
0	Pricey- the the lower priced models do just as well.
0	Doesn't handle Windows 2000 OS, Slower scanning and printing than other products, Freezes WIN 98 op system, EXPENSIVE!!  Print Cartridges a bit spendy!!
0	Drivers have a tendancy to be tempramental.
0	Long shutter delay., Weak plastic
1	Rotating &amp;quot;eye&amp;quot;, Lightweight
0	Phone is hard to program and clunky, international service is extremely expensive
0	one hand fold shouldn't be a selling point, canopy
0	Horrible image quality, pathetic battery life, no focus, the list goes on...
1	Small footprint - not a kluge, good print quality especially in photos.
1	Design, short video, multi-feature flash, USB port
1	Digital, affordable, small, reliable
0	boring green backlit, gets warm, no alarm clock
0	Poor ergonomics, poor sound.
0	Not many features or extras
0	I kick footrest when baby is in rear-facing position and toddler 'perch' is not safe
0	Doesn't have a zoom lens, batteries need to be charged frequently
1	Free with some plans
1	Floppy Disk Media, User friendly
1	The Graco name, 1 year warr, ease of use, price, durability, bases avail at GracoBaby.com
0	cheap plastic parts&amp;#13;&amp;#10;poor low-light performance&amp;#13;&amp;#10;marginal image quality
0	Has a hard time focusing in low light
1	easy to use, compact, good for beginner user, uses AA batteries
0	Spendy accessories (memory, case, battery).  
0	I don't know
1	Polyphonic sound, camera, SIM card, speakerphone, outside display, good volume, long battery life, great price!!
0	Poor picture quality. No flash. Low aperture. No Zoom...and more.
1	Full Control, Fast 4X lens, Superior Image Quality, Compact Flash I/II Media
1	Software allows easy sync from MS Outlook.
0	Only 8 mb Smart media card included
0	Hard to take good pictures
0	RETAIL COST HIGHER
1	Great price, good features for the money.
0	Web Browser is horrible
0	Optical viewfinder not so good, price
1	full functional dual purpose device
1	Nice size, nice picture quality.
1	Came free with my iMac, so the price was right!
0	Perfect ligting or no picture, software hangs in XP, wrong website URL on packaging.
0	Junky, plastic, falls apart, BREAKS REALLY EASILY!
1	Excellent Picture Quality - Small Size
0	Take Very Long To Print A Page
1	User Friendly, compact, economical laser for small home office
1	Excellent image quality, sturdy construction, depth of field preview, and so much more!
0	doesn't always work
0	ANTENNA!!!  Somewhat larger than the flip phones, two leather cases both did not work!
1	takes nice qaulity photos, easy to use
0	Bad metering, Must be in manual  to force flash on, 3.2 Megapixels eat up memory.
1	Great Photo Quality, Print photos without a computer!
0	Screen, Reliability Issues, Marginal Battery Life, Joystick
0	Small lens apertures mean watch out for camera shake 
0	Zoom sucks, not for the professional
1	PDA portion worked well enough; bright screen, nice format.
1	Looks cool, super compact, makes you feel like Bond, Bluetooth and MP3 ringtones
0	Short-life battery, Not durable, Lousy ringtones & lots more
0	Expensive to replace ink.Ink refill kits sometimes won't work.
1	Easy to use, attractive, small &amp; light.
1	Design, weight, user friendly, display, and I could go on, but I won`t!
1	Small, Light, EASY to use, easy to download pictures. Great quality pictures!!
1	Under $200, Great Photo quality, great text
1	good quality, fast, easy
1	price, size, use as webcam
1	Easy to Use
1	Excellent features, great screen, good menu setup
1	The diskette , convenient, and many features.
1	Looks cute, low weight.
1	Very easy to use, pro quality pictures, nice design.
0	Tricky to learn how to fold. Small adult cup holder. Flimsy basket.
1	Decent amount of pixels at a good price.  LOTS of extras.
0	Not may official  Nokia faceplate options
1	Stylish, lightweight, Fantastic 3.2 MP quality, with video audio recording
1	my favorite feature is the MP3 player.
0	A little heavy,lens cap in the way all the time
1	Easy to use
1	*color Screen
1	EASY! Takes great pictures, and images are easy to edit.
1	Great Antenna, Perfect Size, Nokia Menu
0	print quality deteriorates fast, high price of ink cartridges.
0	Battery life and screen graphics.
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
1	Nice feel and better User interface for Motorola.
0	Limited video time
0	Numbers and text very small, Difficult to see screen in daylight, Smaller buttons
0	Remarkably SLOW flash card reader.
0	Stock Battery life is terrible
0	none
0	goes thru batteries like crazy, battery door is weak
0	Comes w/only 8MB flash, some photos blurred
1	Fast and very good quality
1	Very sharp, clear image. Fast shots on moving objects. Un-limited video clips. Sharp night shots.
1	5 MegaPixels, Compact design, Good number of features
0	badly manufactured (feels fragile), menus/software unorganized, low battery life
0	Drops calls consistantly...terrible reception...inadequate volume...
1	Size!!
1	Large buttons, easy navigation, great pictures, easy to use.
0	3 wheels are better than 4
1	great graphics, lightweight, able to be personalized, small
0	Low battery life, but still a good camera.
0	no return policy, wont last more than one child
1	User-friendly, simple, nice-looking body
1	fairly easy to use, reliable, great features, fairly durable
0	ummm living thru water is more then enough to make up for it few cons
0	Bad screen, bad ringtone quality, not many features, slightly bricky
0	Paper feed sometimes crooked
0	Photo printing
1	Price, simple and reliable, quiet operation
0	No Borderless prints! 
0	Battery Life, Expensive Add-ons
0	nothing
0	could be faster with color.
0	Terribly slow, clumsy keypad, poor service
0	Get an AC Adapter or get a USB Smartmedia Reader
0	Keypad can wear out over time, Joystick can access the wrong item sometimes
0	color cartridge hard to snap into place
0	AMAZINGLY poor image quality
1	Simple to Use; Affordable
0	Have to spend more money to get additional memory, case, supper-quick charger.
0	frys brain, not too good inside of thick walls.
0	Awful Phone
1	user friendly
0	Waterspots on some pictures, battery life could be better, hard to capture close-up photos, upload to computer on the slow side.
0	Win 98 Incompatible out of the box, Ink is too expensive.    
1	Clear, good quality pictures
0	Not Very Well Supported By Compaq, Feeder Tray Is Buggy, Photo-Quality... Nope.
0	Ringer, message alerts, interface, text entry need refinement.  Expensive accessories.
1	Sleek design, good sound, camera with flash
0	Honestly, none at all.
0	Faceplate scratches easily.
0	Dull color on plain paper (Use Bright White instead)
0	Driver reinstallation, Cartridge swapping, 8 1/2" paper limit
0	none
0	can not switch it manually to analog
0	battery life, cheesy onscreen graphics
0	Price
1	inexpensive, easy to use
0	Not really fast printing, capacity for only two cartridges
1	Sparking little performer; super features
0	Sprint PCS system is overloaded
1	Small, affordable, small, voice dialing, SMALL!
0	1 number per person, bulky, heavy, short battery life, bad ringtones, no web access
1	Fast, clear print quality, scanner cartridge!
0	color quality and dpi are lame, price too high for the unsatisfactory results, and VERY NOISY!
0	A bit bulky for my taste.  smartmedia (limit to 128Meg as of now).
0	Must use NiMH batteries, insufficient zoom.
1	Crisp text, dazzling photos, high speed
0	Internal mains charger
0	When your phone goes dead you need to get a new number.
0	Still confused on how to write back using ping pong messaging
0	can be noisy
1	quality pictures, affordable
0	Paper jams consistently and no fax included.
0	Lose a picture if battery is low;
0	Slow response camera, Not user friendly. Catalog does not tell all. Crappy software.
1	Excellent print quality, fast text printing
0	Does not feel as solid as the 6100 series.
0	Exif viewer and launcher are cumbersome, you will be frustrated trying to d/l w/USB port
1	Size, ease of use, powers up quickly.
1	Excellent Service, easy to find supplies, quick printer, dirt cheap
1	Battery Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
0	Few aftermarket inks
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
0	Not the most stylish phone at the table, voice dialing a bit of a pain.
0	haven't found any
1	excellent speaker phone, 1.3 megapixel digital camera, plays music files, long battery life, MicroSD slot
1	Excellent, realistic photographic quality, edge to edge printing + more
0	signal not always clear when I call people in mountain areas
0	Small 4MB Memory Stick, Pricey After Extras
1	see the review
0	Sound quality just a hair fuzzy, in my opinion
0	Lack of features, dull and dreary, fat and boring.
0	Minimal features.  Usability flaws.
0	Very poor and defective software.
0	Manual is sorely lacking of details
0	Breaks easily. Very, Very poor quality on anything other than plain black text.
0	Buttons are very hard to push&#13;&#10;Hard to change casings
1	Voice dialing, voice recording, sturdy
1	Neat compact design.  A good price for digital camera/camcorder/mp3 player.
0	4mb storage card
1	image quality. ease of use for basic photography
0	stroller a little awkward to close
1	decent print quality came with my pc for free easy to use
1	easy to use
1	battery life, works ok with most phone centric web sites, decent speaker phone.
1	Very fast / high quality lens, good picture quality, accepts standard AA batteries
0	"DON'T TRY OUT DIS PHONE!!!
1	Inexpensive, small
0	none
0	Too big and heavy, mediocre reception.
1	Maneuvers well, very good turning ration AND looks great
0	indoor shots grainy on screen, flash defaults to &amp;quot;on&amp;quot; 
1	Excellent color mode.
0	No USB or Optical Zoom
1	Image Quality, Size, Memory Capability, Look &amp; Feel
1	Very durable, internal antenna, simple animation. Text message, email, even AOL Instant Messanger capable.
1	Price, size, picture quality good for beginners 
1	Pictures Pictures Pictures.  The CD allows for hundreds of pictures.
0	Not completely intuitive menu, no manual white balance
1	Nice looking, good features
1	Sturdy, Easy to open and close, Convenient
1	This machine is a work horse, it does it all!
1	Ultimate Camera For Anywhere, Anytime, 
0	Battery life, digital zoom
0	Lens cover is not attached
1	price and quality of pictures
1	Small size.  No computer needed.  Great prints.  Great included software.
0	Photo color reproduction poor
1	A pleasant change from nokia's. the best phone of it's time without doubt!
1	picture quality, reliability, design
0	8mb card is too small; LCD drains batteries quickly
1	Very cheap and very quiet
0	ink cartridges are expensive and hard to find at online etailers
0	Very short battery life, Only 4mb memory stick included in package.
1	Compact, plenty of functions, and it doesn't break the bank.
1	Cheap and pretty
0	too many 
1	Easy to Handle and  Easy to use.
1	A TOTAL computer in my pocket.
0	No alarm clock status icon, alarm doesn't sound if phone is off.
0	A little heavier than some other modern phones, weak selection of rings
0	battery dies without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
1	a great phone most of the time
1	Fun, inexpensive, takes lovely clear pictures, and it just works.
1	easy to use, software easy to install
0	Glitchy Drivers, Poor paper handling
1	none
1	Best overall value, solid body, manual settings for advanced use.
0	ink cartridges expensive, paper-feeding-wheels cause jams-after awhile
1	Very Lighweight, Sturdy, Folds up small
1	Very stylish, great features & is the ideal fashion accessory!
1	Great price, HP reliability
1	Easy! interface!
0	The batteries seem to run down rather quickly in the camera
1	Super image quality, small, light weight, good software
0	really slow and only one cartridge
0	Expensive, not as pocket size as PDR-M4
0	Never prints in color.
0	cumbersome
0	Poor storage, expensive
1	Wide screen, durable construction
1	Print quality.
1	lightweight, easy to use, 6x optical zoom, optical viewfinder 
1	Very easy to use,Great quality pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;floppy disc drive makes downloading fast
1	Sturdy, Shortcut key is nice
0	Not durable, two failed in a year.
1	Good size, great looks, lots of features, java apps
1	easy to use
1	Long battery life
0	Not immediately Mac compatible, no optical zoom, eats up batteries, buttons are hard to push
1	Feature packed printer for the price.
0	None
0	Miniscule keyboard.  Price will make your wallet bleed.
1	compact, good pictures, looks like the popular &amp;quot;Elph&amp;quot;
0	No speakerphone
1	The best compormise in existence for phone-centric people
0	Awkward turning on and off
1	Fast Crisp Printing
1	Small size, xD card is very fast, sharp photos, ease of use
0	Some advanced features available only in AE mode, some minor flaws and annoyances.
0	Hard to find, install and software has some issues.
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
0	Not true photo quality
0	Size, weight.
0	Style
0	Totally lame flash, Sony Support bites
0	HP needs to turn out a better variety of print papers.
1	high resolution, great for photos
0	When you turn on the camera, you need to push back the lens cover--subsequently the lens pops out.  To shut the camera off, you need to shut the lens cover half -way and the lens should automatically retreat.  This does not always happen smoothly. 
0	Too many to list, but I'll try.
0	Battery guzzling
0	The indoor shots look grainy, even with flash; no audio with video 
0	Horrible contruction, Horrible battery life
1	Rugged, durable, withstands silly secretaries
1	small, clear lcd, dependable, inexpensive
0	quiet ring, antenna is flimsy
0	Controls are not so easy to use specially the navigation button
1	low cost, easy to use
0	4 X 6 Photo paper slot will not feed.
1	good quality and color
0	cheesy ringers (IMHO)
0	difficult to master controls
1	Infant seat attachable, great for off road use
0	Weak packaging options - must make critical decisions before purchase!
0	menu-intensive, but i think i've figured them out!
0	No zoom, No LCD, Not TTL (through the lens)
1	excellent picture quality; 10x optical zoom; SLR style view finder.
1	Quality printing, great price
1	1 MP, int 2 MB, uses CF cards, easy to use, uses standard AA batteries
1	fits two with freedom for the older one!
1	Nice small form factor, cool looking
1	Great text and photo output on special paper; Cheap; Lots of driver customizations
0	Component failure, overwhelming menus, signal reception.
1	Compact and works like a charm
0	Bulky, outside has black and white screen, and flash isn't that great
1	Price, LCD
0	Battery life and buttons maybe small for bigger fingers.
1	Small size easy for men to carry in their pocket.
1	Inexpensive way to take digital photos
1	easy to use, low price, uses flash memory
0	Poorly Executed Scanner and Copier functions
1	Nice backlight, color external Caller ID
1	Fastest quality printer that I've seen.  Good picture quality.
0	HIDEOUS picture quality, no flash, small memory capacity (18-24 pictures), slow downloads to computer
0	Dial pad takes a while to adjust to, not many accessories are available (yet.
0	Power-hungry if zoom and LCD are used.
0	Takes a long time to process print
0	"Only" 2.1 megapixel, electronic viewfinder, not small
0	Lacks Tri-Band GSM, technologically one step behind the novel products of its competitors
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	camera, good shape, games, LCD screens, reception, double batteries
0	Small storage basket
0	Occasionally jams if you push the paper in too far
1	Used to be a fine scanner
0	Noise. Ink cartridge cost(all are).
1	Ease of use, replacing ink less expensive
0	You don't get to see the printing quality
0	Lack of White Balance options. Proprietary memory. Not pocket-able.
0	Does not include USB or parallel port printer cable
1	everything is easy to use and the funtions are great
1	Excellent display(s).
0	Cost
1	easy of use, sturdy, convenient
0	Poor battery life and above average shutter lag  
0	In it's class it has none.
1	Everything...it's quality, sturdy and lightweight
0	speaker can be a little too loud, must hold microphone a bit away
1	thin, goodlooking
1	Nice look, great technology, and awesome features
0	Owner's Manual could be more detailed.
1	Easy to use; very good image quality
0	Is reception top notch?
0	It breaks!
1	Solid-build, great imaging, familiar canon interface, 1.6x effective focal length gives great telephoto!
0	below average battery life and a few others
0	It is a piece  of junk
0	Antenna, small buttons
0	Verizon crippled the poor lad!
0	not too high image quality
0	Expensive to operate.
0	NONE
0	None
0	Could use a longer focal length lens (bigger zoom).
0	Loves those batteries! Buy the Nickel-Metal Hydride Rechargable batteries they last 3 times as long as normal rechargable batteries
1	quality printing
1	Price, Features, battery life
1	Easy to use and easy menus, good quality!
1	Full of features for the price - ease of use - uses regular AA Batteries
0	Short battery life, Chrome scratches off easily
1	Size, weight, polyphonic ringtones
1	Good quality print jobs, separate print cartridges for each color, relatively inexpensive
0	slow battery charging speed
0	Not for Windows XP.  You can download software, but it seems shaky.
0	Poor image quality
1	Phone is loud on the ears, no more walking outside a noisy environment to hear.
0	Innocent bystanders can have their souls stolen!
0	NONE
1	Handles well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
0	No snooze on Alarm clock, bad reception
0	without a good quality color printer and photo paper, you're stuck viewing photos on the computer
1	Voice commands are very handy while driving.
1	A very attractive phone, bright, beautiful color display, a fun phone
1	price, ease of use, lots of useful features
0	So many features I haven't had time yet to figure them all out!
0	pricey BUT worth the money, problem with red eye
0	can be hard to get a signal sometimes
1	Great screen, small formfactor (almost like RAZR), good menus, fast T9, AIM/Yahoo IM/ICQ, solidly built
0	pricey, small basket
1	Good first buy camera, for unexpected photos
0	none
0	VERY SLOW PICTURE TAKING!! Not good in low-light situations. "Scene modes" are confusing.
0	Really requires rechargeable batteries.
0	Shape too thick, needed repair
0	Big! 
1	Loud speaker phone, flip-design, large screen, clear display
1	Small, lightweight, fast and easy photo transfer to the computer
1	Excellent print quality, extremely inexpensive.
0	Batteries,PhotoMax software glitches,limited digital enhancements for retouching of photos
1	Great Sound, Signal-Strength, Outstanding Displays. A.O.K Verizon
0	Basket is a little small, but that's ok.
0	Photo tray broke easily.
0	None
1	LONG list of features, sleek design, compact size, clarity of reception, fantastic color screen
1	Hey, I got a great price on it
0	When laid flat the screen can be scratched easily. Antenna is cheap.
0	Lots of People Have Them
0	Slow photo-quality speed
1	Newer low price. Good Resolution. Good close up pics.
0	A little sensitive to shaking when taking detail sensitive photos.  Tripod would be recommended.
0	Sometimes, too fast. (I don't know if that's a con)
1	Rugged, Sleek, Customizable, Pocket-sized, Internal Antenna, Great Price
1	Speakerphone, small, lightweight, flip phone, multiple rings, downloadable rings, vibrate, silent, battery life
1	every feature in the book, super clear photos
1	Small size for a non folding phone, good battery life, intuitive O/S.
1	Small, Wearable, lightweight
1	Excellent print quality especially for the price.
0	Its blowing competitors off the market!
0	Not backwards compatable with headsets, somewhat slow response time in menu options (GSM related)
1	Easy to use, quality pictures for a small and compact camera.
0	Only 2400 x 1200 dpi but for the price great.
1	Space saving, high quality images, inexpensive
1	Dual mode tech gives you signal everywhere
0	Wheels NEVER worked - I bought/returned 3 Maclaren Mistrals.  Awkward brakes.
0	bad at printing graphics, broke after 3 months
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, color lcd screen
0	need extra battery, memory.
1	unbelievable photos on glossy or photo paper
1	New technology, great features, good price, voice dialing
0	The camera is bulky, but even at that it's still smaller than its predecessors.
1	Price w/rebates an offer you can't refuse
1	Bluetooth
0	Expensive Ink, Need to replace ink often
0	Ear piece audio,low volume ring tones,hard to remove faceplate,long start up/shutdown time.
1	Cost efficient, dependable, great quality.
1	Affordable, easy to use, tons of options
1	Great pictures, price
0	NONE!!!
0	slow
1	Stylish, Enclosed keypad, mic close to voice, Lith. Battery
1	No more film, easy to use.
0	No Zoom
0	on the large side, horrible Sprint customer service
0	This stroller is a bit bulky when folded, and does not let infant seat attach.
1	small, light, lots of features
0	Size &amp; Weight
1	Up to date technology, great features
1	small, but hard to lose, good interface, excellent reception
1	great photo quality, fast download via USB
0	Confusing to figure everything out at first, hard to dial numbers without looking at keyboard
1	Good print quality, inexpensive, can be upgraded
1	Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
0	Neck strap (hey - gotta say something bad, don't you?)
1	Easy to use, can change the colors on the face and download tones
0	FAILED AS A MODEM
1	Paper sizes, B&amp;W photo printing, raw speed
0	Lens Cap, Expensive Battery
1	Cheap and has the walkie talkie feature
0	Impossible to install, impossible to print
1	Great camera
0	Customer Service does not have a Toll Free #
1	Stylish, good performance, feature rich, tri-mode
1	Easy to steer &amp; great one hand fold. Comfortable for baby &amp; us.
0	Haven't had time, to read, the manual.
0	A little Static
0	That people dont pay attention to the road when they are using cell phones
0	battery eater, horrible menu, but you get what you pay for
0	Power &amp; LCD (see review).
1	great pics
1	The battery life, loud ring tones and battery life.
0	poor, poor reliability
1	Excellent pictures and easy to use.
0	can't think of any
0	Cheezy door that opens to the media card compartment, and you cannot add threaded lenses to this lens for added protection.
0	non-durable, rough, clumsy
1	Very affordable printer
1	Easy to use, works at night, mpeg movie recording, size, memory works well with VAIO.
0	may not be the newest or fastest 
0	some paper loading properties
0	Unreliable/poorly made.  Three different phones have died on me.
0	Slow autofocus and shutter speed in Automatic mode.
1	Good looks, low cost, and good features
1	great picture and text quality...separate color ink tanks is good.
1	Scans, Copies, Faxes AND Prints! It's an HP!! Sleek
1	compact, all-in-one, easy to use
0	speakerphone is only half-duplex, antenna nub inhibits pocketability, call quality varies, only one color
1	Came with the computer. Good for basic, minimal printing.
0	Poor Quality
0	Default settings 
0	Not for the inexperienced
1	Great Features, Performance, Upgradable
0	4MB memory stick is low for a 2.1Mpixels camera. No viewfinder missing.
0	Battery Life using the digital viewfinder is extremely low.
0	Slow Start-Up, zoom, and Autofocus times, battery charges in camera, off-set tripod mount&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Looks great, feels great, solid
1	Lightweight, small, color display, lots of gimmicks, games
1	High Resolution, Cool Features, More Photo Control
1	Good price
1	Great features, good battery life, inexpensive.
1	MANY FEATURES/HIGH RESOLUTION/MOVIE CAPABILITY 
0	Feels cheap
0	expensive in reality
0	memory card not enough space, flimsy lens cap, crashes at higher resolutions, customer service 
1	Small size, decent sound quality and battery life, quick and convenient manner mode
1	Looks great! Lots of features!
0	Expensive picture cards if you want a larger one
1	superior picture quality, excellent zoom lens, great battery life
1	Speakerphone, Clarity, Easy-to-use interface, and Features
0	Stalls computer.  Expensive.
0	small card, not easy to take candids at night
1	Small and easy to handle
0	Expensive, mediocre battery life
1	Sleek, Easy to use, Clear blue backlight, and a variety of other features
1	Cheap and has lots of bells and whistles
1	Great screen and keyboard; Advanced, easy-to-use applications
1	cutting edge design (no pun)
1	small, compact, durable, stylish
0	Dust under screen. Buzzing from unidentifiable source.
1	Metal case (durable), more than adequate resolution, long battery life, light weight
1	Easy to use, clear pictures, inexpensive
0	Too basic, Movie Mode too small
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	Color copies slightly faded, ink consumption, letter sized glass plate.
1	Product has the features I want
1	Low price, SUPERB color, six-color inks, cheap and easy to operate
1	Super cheap, and it functions.  Great for kids.
1	Reliable, Clear, Easy to use
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
1	Cheap, fast, excellent print quality
0	Mine had quite a few quirks
1	Lightweight, large phonebook, calendar, internal antenna
1	very small, great battery life, cool lighting
0	Camera can easily turn on.
1	Nice looking design, Super easy to use, easy to install
1	 Very sharp lens and chip Compact Excellent software  
1	Cheap color printer
1	Easy-to-use, Durable, Great Photo Quality.
1	Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
0	High priced
0	hard to use
1	Great zoom, great features
0	Extremely fragile.  I had a DOA already.  No Flash, sometimes blurry pictures.
1	Good image quality. Easy to use. Good software package included.
1	Does every thing I wanted in a camera
1	clear pictures, fast
1	Takes high quality pics, compact
0	None encountered
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
0	Not realistic.
1	features, speed, resolution, efficiency
1	Great size, durable, easy to figure out.
0	Slow printing on photo paper
0	ticks, false paper jams, bad connections
0	May be too small for some people.
0	No serial connector.
0	nothing
1	Tilt/Flip LCD, 10X Optical Zoom Lens, Image Stabilization&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	a little noisy
1	User friendly, small, excellent sound quality and reception
0	If lighting is too bright or too dark, it can be tough to get a good picture.
0	too large for your pocket, slow processor, buggy firmware, circular keypad
0	Price, Proprietary Battery.
1	Cheap
0	Unreliable, buggy software, poorly designed camera
0	Kind of big.
0	Takes about 3-4 minutes to warm up.
0	Priner cartridges are expensive
0	No lock-out, price
0	Ships with 8mb SM card, No Case, No lens attachments.
1	Fairly inexpensive; separate ink cartridges
0	Battery life
0	HEAVY!
0	More features than I need,
1	Image quality, panoramic, rechargeables included, remote control, swivel LCD.
1	incredible quality for low price, ease of use, expandable memory
0	hidden additional costs; lacking standard, practical features
1	High resolution printing of photographs, crisp document printing, adjustable feeds
0	Photos have poor contrast, saturation and brightness,, Very Noisy Paper Feed
0	Featureless
0	Battery life seems to suffer unless you remove the battery while not in use.
0	none
1	GREAT ALL_IN_ONE! FAST, SIMPLE, AFFORDABLE! VERY COMPACT!
1	Many Features, Web Browser, Games, Speed Dial, Contact List
0	Software, battery life
1	What a great improvement from the strollers my other kids had.  
0	ink use is not always so economic
1	Tons of storage and VERY user friendly.  Lots of features!
0	No bluetooth. Expensive.
0	16 MB Memory Stick is not enough., , Photo software package sucks., , No carrying case!
0	Flimsy CF card cover.  Only 3x optical zoom.  Included 8 megabyte card is worthless.
1	Easy to use. Great quality pictures. Simple image transfer process. Good menu system.
1	Superb reception, ease of use, extra long battery life.
1	Prints are beautiful with Canon Photo Paper Pro.
0	Terrible battery life &amp; horrible bundled software
0	design
1	Inexpensive alternative for the home office in both price as well as toner.
0	None
0	Printer cable not included, cheap construction of paper rest and output tray, noisy
1	Small, Internal Antenna, Customizable
1	Ease of use, quality pictures, selectivity of pictures
1	Great pictures , lots of options, 10x optical zoom!
1	Easy to use
1	6x precise zooming,good value for money,37mm thread for lenses etc.
1	Cheap, Great Pictures, Very Nice Design
0	LCD image quality could be better.
1	Quality Name.
1	Very good photos, takes movie clips, rechargeable battery.
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
0	Power hungry. Sometimes difficult to focus (auto) Lots of red eyes!
1	Excellent speed, awesome quality print outs
1	Small size, good resolution
1	Small and compact.
0	No faceplates, freezes up about one daily, top left light never stops blinking
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
1	All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
0	didn't work for me, rear/top feeder, poor customer support
0	color is too expensive
0	drivers may cause problems, RAM upgrades can be expensive
1	Small, lightweight, long battery life
0	poor ergonomics, uses smartmedia
0	I can't find any, it's a great camera
0	Will not fit in the truck of an Escort
1	Cachet, cute, voice navigation works well.
0	None that I have found.
0	Ink can be costly
1	Automatic two-sided printing , USB compatible, Fast and silent printing, Exceptionally sharp plain-paper printouts.
1	Feature rich, picture quality, storage media flexibility
1	Compact, easy to use, and Inexpensive
0	None.
1	Looks good, solid, nice display, good pictures.
1	Small, light, easy to use
1	Warranty, good price, fast
0	No problems
1	Very cheap for the features.  User friendly.  
0	Battery life can be better, I wish that there were some games already pre-loaded.
0	a little bulky,  lack of regular camera-style viewer
1	High Quality Printing, Good Price
1	Cheap!
1	Durability, full suspension, reclining seats, easy to push, smooth ride
1	Small size, easy to use, great pictures, battery charger, stylish
1	small, easy to use, cheap
0	High Operating Cost; Average Resolution; Slow
1	Price was right, decent size, free hands-free earpiece.
0	terrible battery life, terrible service, dropped calls
1	Low Price, Good Quality
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	Size,image quality, usability, design
0	Body scratches easily
0	Slow lens. Hard to retrieve memory card.
1	Separate ink cartridges
0	Hard to use. Doesn't work well with some systems.
1	Excellent performance
0	weak included software; not many add-ons
1	Cheap Price
0	Kinda Bulky
1	Great price, wonderful pictures
1	Fast once warmed up, great text quality, easy to set-up over the network
1	Inexpensive, 6-Color System
0	small memory stick included, so you will need to buy more
1	Good quality at a good price!
1	Loads of features, superb speaker phone, battery life
1	Cheap, decent quality.
1	Inexpensive, 2.1mega pixels, simple, responsive, good image quality
1	looks
0	Expensive card capacity, slow recharge for next shot, power demanding
1	size, battery life, blue screen
1	Speed, Cost, Quality
1	Speakerphone, Flip Top, Sturdy Design
1	Great text and color quality
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Great Pictures, Easy to Use, Compact
0	Small keypad, requires Bluetooth (no data cable), battery life, a bit large
0	Takes a few minutes to warm up
0	Lack of accessories such as no bag for the camera and small memory card.  
0	It didn't work very long!
0	Very bad speaker which vibrates, and Vibrate ringer is very weak
0	standard 8mb not enough memory
0	Boy those cartridges are pricey!
0	Difficult to see LCD screen in bright sunlight.
1	Small size, aesthetic qualities
1	Great Price and look
0	must pay extra for 2nd paper drawer &amp; buy hp jet direct software/hardware
0	none
1	Excellent pictures, great software
1	VERY light, attractive patterns, stands when folded, adjustable handlebar
1	Price, good photographs, easy to use
1	Speed, print quality, Price
0	Still only a 2.1mp camera and comes with only 8mb card.
0	Prints slightly skewed (hard to notice), no USB connectivity
1	It's just so SIMPLE to use!!!
0	Battery Hog
0	seems a little flimsy
1	none
1	Speaker Phone, direct connect, largest color screen, easy to navigate & customizable menus
1	great picture quality, price, advanced features
0	Bad service, expensive add-ons
1	cute, small, can change the looks, more ring options
1	quality
1	great picture quality and easy to use
1	FLOPPY DISK !!!!!, durable
1	Great picture quality, rechargeable batteries last quite a while
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	None so far!
0	Dark=Bad, Camera Shake
1	avi
0	Ink costs a lot
1	Price, easy to use, good quality photos - perfect for web images.
0	The cost of replacement cartridges! 
0	no usb 
0	Has No Velcro
1	prints 9 pages a minute,7.5 pages a minute in color
0	Heavy, No Call History
0	Flash is too bright, stationery LCD, shutter delay.
1	very easy to use and everything came in one kit 
1	size, color screen
1	Great quality, Fast, quiet after start up
0	scratches and cracks very easy
0	None for us
1	Battery Life
1	Fast printing, good drivers, very reasonable price.
1	Works great on the Cingular GAIT plan.  Better national coverage.
0	Display hard to read, ringer and speaker not as loud, slow response in menus
0	Poor focus on close objects, poor long distance optical zoom.
1	Great video recorder, very nice picture machine, easy menu, nice colours and design.
0	They dont have the option to block restricted calls like motorollas do.
0	&lt;b&gt;TINY LCD, EXPENSIVE COMPARED TO OTHER 2 MEGAPIXEL CAMERAS&lt;/b&gt;
1	Integration
0	No lens cap, but available from Kodak free upon request.
0	pictures are extremely blurry, pictures must be downloaded directly onto your computer
1	Good print quality.
0	Mediocre signal strength
0	Can be a bit hard to get working on USB
0	design a bit old fashion
0	Sucks ink, and the ink sucks
0	It's tiny
1	Easy to use, nice pictures, long battery life
0	burns through ink when not in draft mode
1	durable, made for little hands
0	Almost TOO small in size; a bit difficult to plug charger into.
1	can direct connect easily, tough
1	Good picture quality for still items. It is under $400. 
1	Cheap, Easy 
1	Cute design
1	Color screen, ability to download midi files and pictures
1	Easy to use
0	Larger than most new cell phones, expensive
1	Customization.
1	Ease of use, Sturdy Design
1	tons of features!!
1	Everything!  Price, Features, Size!  The only phone you will ever want.
1	Easy to use, variety of options
0	High battery usage,Keeping readout screen clean
1	Excellent features and physical layout.
0	Interface somewhat clumsy
0	Scan quality is terrible, so everything is terrible except simple printing, their software crashes
1	Easily viewable, oversized screen, Cool Factor, Nokia's wonderful menu system,
0	battery life, only 2x zoom
1	Compact, easy to use digital takes terrific photos
0	Antenna, Battery Door, Faceplate Replacement, Analog Drops, Radiation
1	Great quality photos, very fast!,easy hookup.
1	EXIF support, separate ink tanks, separate ceramic print head, usb or parallel interface
1	Awesome Reception, Extra Features, Phone illuminates, a Great Phone for Anyone!
1	# storage, size, clearity
0	hard to lock into place, can be a rough ride, price
0	Requires some effort to upload photos to hard drive.
0	Poor durability & menus can be difficult
1	Small size, digital and analog capable.
1	It's a phone
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	Ink Ink Ink!! Too expensive
1	quick, clear and cost efficient!
1	quality, price, size
0	No faceplate, even trimode doesn't work in some areas
1	Indiglo display backlight, sleek design, solid features, speakerphone.
1	PDA, Email and phone convergence
1	Great non-flip, well featured phone with newer technology others will follow.
0	none really
1	Nikon quality
0	Ink cartridges hard to find
0	Problems, problems &amp; more problems!
1	CHEAP
0	None so far.
0	MP3 music not supported
0	Price, flash, is just a point a shoot.
0	CAMERA IS LARGE,MUST BUY CARRYING CASE[NOT INCLUDED],
1	ease of use, customizable O/S, good quality image &amp;amp; color
0	This is a first class camera that should meet most needs
0	None
0	haven't found any yet..
0	Not web enabled
0	If you forget to "Keylock", you'll be dialing without knowing
0	Price
0	Needs Sandisk imagewriter
0	No easy volume controls
1	Size, Style, features
0	Reception inside some buildings is difficult.
0	A bit challengin to learn to fold up. Could be a two-handed operation.
1	Great quality, text and picture
1	Great Price on the PDC-640 Right Now.
0	Sony does offer higher quality devices
0	None
0	A little heavy, the photo ready function is slow
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
0	Eats Batteries
0	somewhat pricey
1	speed, reliability, floppy disk...
0	slightly large to hold
1	Perfect size for a non-flip phone. Easy to navigate menu. Great speaker phone.
1	Sleek thin design.  Big BRIGHT display - perhaps the best feature of this phone.
1	Quality of prints are quite dramatic if used with the right papers. Sleek industrial design.
0	Battery life
1	Ability to view and print directly from memory cards
1	Small size, easy to use, sturdy, USB
0	Shutter speed between shots.  Not an action camera
1	Beautiful screen.
0	green light in view finder
0	paper jams
0	Resolution, price.
0	no gadgets or geegaws
0	no a/c adapter with purchase
0	Too many to list
0	ringer, menus, reminder tones
1	great quality, fast printing
1	compact, nice looking.  Good price. That is about all I can really say 
0	bigger and less cool than other phones
1	Picture quality
1	speed, print quality
1	Compact, easy to use.
1	Cheap, Small, Fairly Quick, Simple, User-friendly
0	Slightly clunky interface, too much already on it, no very basic ringtone
0	Cant touch the antenna, crappy reception.
0	Poor reception from carrier.
0	Battery life is a joke; sound quality was bad (at first)
0	Replacement cartridges are expensive
1	Small size, quality of images, and it's COOL!
0	Soft ring, need to use Keyguard
1	Great Features, Small, Great Image Quality
0	Low battery life, no audio for video
1	Awesome pictures (even in low light!) light weight, good build quality, good zoom, great interface!
0	slow, paper feeder doesn't work right
0	Very poor battery performance
0	paper handling can be tricky
0	No manual focus, terrible documentation, on camera menus not user-friendly
1	Great coverage, very light, lots of features
0	Envelope feeding, Speed
1	Nice, white case.  Compact size.
0	none that I can think of
0	Digital-only single-band phone (no analog roaming); may be useless in an emergency
1	Great tool for beginners
0	Slow recycle time between shots. No optical zoom.
0	complicated
0	Heavy battery drain when LCD on, use rechargeables for best economy.
0	Couldn't find one ,unless you feel that paying less for more is a con.
1	Features, price, relative ease of use.  
0	Slow and light-sensitive autofocus, no easy way to add filters
1	WAP web browsing capabilities
1	Great features in a small phone.
1	Easy to use, lightweight, built in flash
1	Inexpensive, Good picture quality, Good battery life, Comfortable in the hands
0	a little pricey
1	sometimes makes calls
0	Battery life.
0	BATTERY CONSUMPTION!!!! Too long saving images to card.
0	voluminous, Microsoft dependency and outdated: lack of bluetooth, lack of GPRS, no MMS support
1	Interesting Keypad Layout; Lots of Features; Takes Digital Photos
1	big screen, new shape, metal, bluetooth
0	envelopes jam; blue lid?
0	Cartridge cost, quality
0	battery life, exposure
0	Battery life. You will need to invest in rechargeable batteries.
0	not many features, better if it had a couple more games
0	Oversized as a phone, hard to see display in day time
1	Reasonable cost
1	Superior Quality,Razor-like sharpness, SPEED BABY !!!!!
1	Great, great quality printer
1	Sleek look, color display, external display window, flip design
0	microphone location, programming of VGA
0	No Caller Groups
1	Great reception, camera is easy to use, very reliable
0	... reception(maybe), backlight
0	Very costly ink cartridges, noisy when starting up, print heads clog all the time.
0	Battery life
0	quality of distant images, no LCD image preview
0	It doesn't have a LCD screen in the back for instant viewing
1	Easy to use
0	May need accessories, camera starting to show age
0	No fax, had to download a driver from some place else.
1	great picture
1	No need to carry 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web that is useful
0	small screen, no WAP...
1	none
1	decent print quality
0	Not-so-good pix, more memory means slower startup, autofocus hates dim light
0	Expensive, fewer custom covers available for this model
0	Bad support, does not print in DOS or LINUX
1	small, lightweight and easy to carry
0	Not good for moving objects
1	Speakerphone, blue keys, stock ringtones, and screen colors.
0	Large and bulky, a bit awkward to hold, and well, a bit ugly.
0	Not compatible with Mac.
0	Signal Reception, Coverage Area.
0	Lack of shoulder strap, automatic retraction of lens after 8 minutes of inactivity, slow response for moderate action sequences such as weddings, etc. 
1	Color, speed, cost and desktop space.
1	inexpensive, compact, easy to use
1	Bluetooth, Bluetooth, Bluetooth! Appearance and build quality. Voice dial.
1	price, quality and ease of use
1	Picture Quality, Ease of use .
1	Lots of nice features, high quality design.
0	pixelation in pictures
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Interface, Noisy while in high interference areas, Only 9 melody rings to choose from
1	quiet
0	Battery life
0	Not for prints over 3x5
1	This phone has about 30 different ringing noises, options, and you can change the look.
1	Call clarity, Internet capable, durable.
1	4 megapixel, small size, good quality construction, ease of use, battery.
1	Low cost, easy to use, pretty good pictures, fine for ebay
1	size, weight, photo options
0	Paper Tray
1	fast enough, good color, cheap
0	Clunky interface. Address Book management a pain. Volume issues. Persistent buzzing required new phone.
0	poor quality at night, short 10 second timer
0	Size rivals remote controls, no touch screen and weird dial pad.
1	Color Screen, GPRS (high speed wireless), World Phone
0	batteries run out quickly
0	4meg stick is a joke. Accessories make this camera expensive.
1	size, ease of use
1	Compact size, 5 megapixels,quick charger
1	Easy to use, fits easily anywhere, great software, USB
1	Durable, Long battery life, Inexpensive this list goes on...
0	NO Internet connections,horrible games,no voice dialing
1	Images, features, price, design
0	cost
0	No AC cord included
0	baskets could be bigger
1	decent battery life.
1	Reasonable price.  Good quality printer
0	Preview display uses a lot of battery power
0	It's bigger than the small cell phones today.
0	battery life
0	Had to upgrade after I bought it.  No protective case provided.
1	USB connection, great battery life, price is fairly low
1	lots of features, compact size
1	Great battery life, looks cool, customizable, internet-ready
0	Small keys
1	Small, 4 megapixels, sleek looking, no delay to snap a picture, idiot proof
1	Economical, Does the Job
0	Sort of expensive
1	Very nice camera, very affordable
1	Lightweight, ease of use, display icons
0	Serial port transfers ONLY, 2x digital zoom only in "Good" qual, eats the AAs
1	storage media and accessories
0	replacement cartridges are expensive, and it use a lot of ink
1	1. Easy to use 2.lots of tones 3.Large variety of face plates
0	Batteries die quickly, but with good rechargables, who cares.
1	All Metal body, Small and lightweight.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;4.0 megapixels
1	Durability and Portability, fits anywhere, goes anywhere.
0	none
1	Great battery life. Really low noise.
1	Small, Navigation is good, features are good for price
0	size:width, screen not protected, battery life, difficult joystick
1	Take great looking pictures with ease
1	Screen, Features, Quality
0	See Below
1	cool, versatile, easy to use, floppy disk, video
0	average ink costs
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
1	Long battery life, good quality images
0	Price may be a factor for some
1	User-Friendly, Audio/Video record, Stable Shot, Zoom
0	BATTERY..... need I say more?
0	no case or a/c adapters included, software a little basic
0	Broke down after 4 months. Ink runs to much, paper jams.
0	Bad camera quality expecially in night mode and mobile os application not stable.
1	overall appearance, keyboard, camera, mp3 ringtones
0	Buttons on sides get pushed often when making calls or opening phone, can't lock them.
0	Earpiece volume.  Stubby antenna.  Grayscale display.  Not many additional features.
0	Screen scratches easily
1	Great Durable camera, Great Picture qualities-More features then other model!
1	Price, picture quality, ease of use
0	Not the highest quality.
1	Nice pictures, nice looking camera
0	power on/off button, very soft ringtone, takes few seconds before phone shuts off
0	Batteries and Zoom
0	No LCD display, no flash
0	Gives my office personnel no excuses for not completing projects in a timely fashion!!
1	price,clear pictures,easy to download pics to computer
0	eats batteries, difficulty downloading
0	a pain
0	Flimsy antenna (maybe)
1	most wanted features at an affordable price.
1	It is very comfortable for the child.
0	way overpriced
1	qwerty keyboard, color screen, voice note recording
0	Set up is horrible, try to take in more than 1 sheet at a time
1	Battery life, screen resolution, speakerphone
0	Locks up occasionally. Limited zoom capability. No USB. No lens cover. Not capable of using accessory filters or lenses. Slow recovery after taking a picture.
0	Extremely expensive, very poor battery life; no good option for extended battery
0	Pricey&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small amount of included memory
0	None yet...
0	Gets Hot When Talking on Phone, Hard-to-Find Accessories and Awkward Buttons
0	Constantly jams even after applying fix from HP
1	Large screen, clear reception
0	Everything is controlled through the computer, no frills, PC ONLY
0	Inconsistent quality.  Not so easy interface.  Somewhat large in comparison to other digital cameras.
0	battery problems, phone malfunction
1	Viewfinder; well designed
0	somewhat confusing menu system and finicky joystick control
1	fast, great looking, inexpensive upkeep, great with labels, not envelopes
1	Nice starter, low price.
1	Great picture quality! Double sided printing
0	refurbished warranty, battery
1	Lightweight, appearance, call quality
1	Very easy for beginners to use.
0	Sound quality is awful
1	Tri-mode, Wireless web, Quick battery charge, Voice dialing
1	Good size and feel.  Attractive.
1	Rugged and durable camera takes quality photos. Now a real bargain at $200 range.
1	Reliability, low cost
0	horrible battery life
1	small footprint and fewer cords
0	easy to accidentally hang up on a caller.
1	Free, clear, vibrate mode, lots of different rings
0	nothing!
0	Ink consumption is little too much.
1	Fantastic picture quality, easy to use once you learn the controls
0	If you don't like reading instructions, some things take time to figure out.
0	Remember the lens cap
0	can't see the display in the sun
0	navi-key can be confusing when attempting to use in-call features
0	A bit bulky
0	Difficult On/off switch, short backlight duration, poor reception (service-related?), low memory, unimpressive polyphonic sound .
0	needs better PC synching & Graphic software, Faulty battery indicator
0	a bit bigger than the SCP-4000
0	Drivers eat a lot or memory resources, do not have headset
0	For my use there are very few - close-ups only 20 cm
1	Excellent--Good buy , Looked a long time for a quality camera and found one., 
1	Fits in dustbin easily
1	High Quality Photo Printer.
0	Should only be used as a PHOTO PRINTER!
0	Everyone has one!
1	very robust, quick response from keyboard
0	legal copies, color printer quality
0	1) Not the best-looking phone around
0	Two Cartridge system makes buying color cartridges expensive
0	Software sometimes gives a blue screen.
0	Does not work well with a data switch or reset easily; jams frequently
1	quality printing, high ppm, long-lasting
0	Extremely tiny power button. Hands-free Headset difficult to connect into socket
0	A little on the heavy side
0	none at this time
1	Words printed are easy to read.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints at high speed
1	Steady, Reliable, Efficient and Versatile Printer
0	A confusing menu system and an antenna that is pretty flimsy
0	footrest way too high; wobbly; does not recline well; expensive; small basket
1	stylish, easy to use, light weight.
1	Small, fast, excellent text., Very good B&amp;W photographs., Best priced laser printer on the market.
0	dust kills it, clogged heads, uses too much ink
0	pricey
0	no support from sony
1	great camera
1	lightweight, tiny, great reception, great battery life, tons of options
0	paper jams
1	Fairly easy to get started, low price.
0	Amount of memory needed which tends to slow your PC
1	Nice color screen
0	I can't think of any!
0	low resolution
0	Short battery life, low end picture quality, no flash, beeping noise
0	Inadequate help for voice command feature, low battery life, side buttons poorly placed
1	Sleek design, compact size, many nice features, very durable, tri-mode.
0	not color and no wap internet
0	Everything.
1	1.3MP digital camera, webcam, extremely small size, simple to use.
0	Umm...... ummm......... it wasn't out sooner?
1	Easy to use, lightweight, picture preview
0	Limited ring-tone selections, no name auto text when adding contacts. Verizon extras are too expensive
0	No Movie-Mode or Sound.
1	Small. Lightweight.
0	A bit bulky
0	very slow, buttons eventually fade, durability is not good at all
0	Poor signal acquisition.
1	Easy start, quick to set up for picture taking.
1	Good quality printing, inexpensive, small size, very affordable ink.
0	none
1	Excellent Print Quality, Fast &amp;amp; Quiet, USB Interface
0	none
0	Pixellation in photos, some software troubles, hard on batteries
0	Mediocre camera quality, small keypad buttons
0	Worked for only a year with battery power
1	Navi Key, interchageable faces, large screen
1	Sleek, packed with features, light on fluff
0	Some useless features, expensive extras
0	LIKES TO USE INK
1	Stylish, functional, relatively cheap, full of gadget-like features! :-D
0	Problems just aren't worth it.
1	Quality pictures, easy to use.
1	Lightweight, easy to fold
0	low resolution produces fuzziness on larger photos
1	The bright colors.
0	Can't think of any
0	Noisy, ink user
0	complex - steep learning curve
1	Convenience, file size, battery life.
0	Chronically misfeeds
0	No direct USB. No carrying case included.
1	Nice Looking
0	Shutter Lag Time.
0	Bluetooth headsets don't work with audio player.  No "Missed Calls" list.  Phone freezes up occasionally.
0	breaks down, changes functions mysteriously
0	Manual is on Software and not as separate item.
1	Good picture quality, battery life, MPEG movie mode, easy to use, swivel LCD
1	Reception, clarity, small size, speakerphone, Nokia menu system
1	Lots of great features, Good photo quality
1	Cheap. 
0	low battery power with backlight on.
1	It is a capable picture taking camera. 
0	received/missed call log is COMBINED into one list of only 6 calls
0	Battery life
1	pda and phone in one
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	the cost ?
1	High Quality printing, fairly quick, small.
0	Not reclining seat
0	Fast, accurate printing, versatile
0	expensive consumables
0	static/ roaming when in home area
1	It is lightweight.
0	Battery life could be better, fingerprint magnet.
0	No Bluetooth
1	great pictures, great resolution, good compression on high resolution pictures
0	print quality, slow printing, warranty
1	You can download pictures from the internet. Plus the ringtones are ok.
1	affordable and awesome
1	direct connect feature, color, many options and programs.
0	flimsy, mine broke
1	Very nice print quality, compact design
0	Slow to write to disk, too expensive for beginners
0	Its buttons are too small. Camera quality is very poor.
0	only holds 8 normal sized photos, photos very low quality
0	None
0	Photo quality poorer than Epson C82.
1	Cheap, works well for a single user
0	None, yet, except maybe that it isn't free
0	drink tray jiggles a little bit
1	Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
0	Weird Sounds, Dropped Calls
1	Good Imagery, Ease of Use, Well-Made 
1	Quality pictures, lithium-ion battery, zoom
0	Not quite as fast as HP says, but close enough.
1	Small
0	Horrible manual, no belt clip
0	Holding the camera steady for 5 seconds after taking picture, Not XP compatible
1	Compare to other models, its cheaper and does the job for lessor price
1	sturdy, great picture quality
0	not too fast
0	Short battery life
0	Limited battery life.  (I recommend rechargable batteries)
0	slow; installation breaks; expensive ink
1	Call quality, Signal strength, outlook sync
1	Photo quality excellent, hard to tell from originals.  Wonderful bundled software and 4x6 photopaper tray.
1	sturdy, convenient
0	Lack of features, Short Battery life, not user friendly
0	Only 8 mb Smart media card included 
1	quad band, good call performance, bluetooth, clam, motorola navigation philosophy
0	Small screen, interface slightly confusing at first
0	Kinda bulky. Needs larger memory stick. No view finder, just LED dislay.
1	fast, quiet, good quality
0	can hog large amounts of CPU leading to CPU hang times... may need to wait for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on low to mid range computers, price is a bit much for some budgets
1	Great daytime pictures, very easy to use
1	Reliable, durable
0	Be prepared to go through A LOT of batteries
0	none
1	Tiny
1	Thin, Light, Big Screen.
1	Great Print Quality, Fast, Quiet
1	Compact size makes it perfect travel camera.
1	Solid camera body.  Good indoor, email, &amp;amp; smaller printed quality pics.  Very easy to use, and good documentation.
1	Good price, and the company making this printer cares about their customers.
0	no camera or mp3
1	Fine quality photos for under $300
1	Cheap, simple to operate, decent flash
1	Great for basic features, good text messaging
0	No support for the future
1	Ink costs, flawless printing
1	Fast, clear/crisp documents
0	Hard to see LCD in bright sunlight
0	Eats ink quick (but unk is only $2 each), kinda loud.
0	rubber buttons sometimes stick
1	Fast, Cheap, Excellent quality
0	Slow serial port is a bit old fashioned
0	Quiet Speaker volume, Low talk time, Weak on sound clarity.
0	Overheating, frequently dropped calls, battery life, lack of good airtime log.
1	The Best 'Bang For The Buck!'
0	none
0	No flat bed capability
1	Good camera
1	Voice Dialing, ease of use, size and weight
0	on camera controls are somewhat hard to work
0	Phonebook is lacking.
1	great value for money, good quality printouts
0	slightly flimsy
1	Small, Stylish, Discrete.
1	cheap, nice pictures,easy to use
1	speaker, headphone jack, light, blue screen, battery charge, looks
1	Good features vs. price
1	it
0	Price
0	Batteries are not standard, recharging only through the cradle
0	No external battery charger.
1	compact, fast, quiet, high quality prints, separate envelope and paper feeds, pretty good cost/page
1	Large 4,096 color display, Great digital camera, Memory Card
0	Picture quality not a high as standard film.
0	- no calculator, no calendar, battery life is terrible
0	Lagging menus, niggling software flaw, no bluetooth
1	Fully customisable, music ringtones, games, lightweight, stylish, etc.
0	bulky, expensive
1	its a motorola. 2-way radio, good reception
0	A little heavier & bulkier than the others, No time-syncing???
0	None
1	compact, versatile, smooth looking, black and color ink cartridges included
1	Cheaper than the S820D, excellent photo prints, decent text printing
1	Color screen, easy interface, great voice dialing
1	3x Optical zoom for under $200, good picture quality
0	I have found none.  Maybe a slightly annoying ringer.
1	Ergonomics and swivel LCD
1	affordable, high quality pictures, holds a lot of pictures, USB port, pocket-sized, so it's easy to carry around.
0	Bad picture quality, eats up alot of battery
1	lightweight and easy to use
0	a little dated, no web access available
0	High cost of ink replacement &amp; photo quality doesn't meet my expectations.
0	Battery life, Zoom could be better, Switch on Back falls off
0	headphone adapter easily lost, no headphones, no music software, quirky touch sensitive panels, no flash
1	Great quality photos fax scanner printer small light weight
1	Very Light Weight, Easy To Open
0	You'll lust for a lens costing more than the body.
1	high quality, ease of use, stores pictures of floppy disk
1	Price, weight, LCD
1	Excellent reception, Small, sleek
0	None
1	Crisp text, fast ppm
1	Excellent photo quality prints, quiet, reasonably fast, borderless printing to 14" width
1	Amazing quality, USB interface, large memory card included
0	Sluggish firmware (compared to Nokia).&#13;&#10;Signal reception not better than Nokia.&#13;&#10;
0	It does what it's advertised to do and does it well--no cons here.
1	Size, cost, ease of use, dependability
0	Eats ink like crazy, bad quality!
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
0	Lacks a zoom
0	Feels awkward at first due to weight and shape, cheap lens cap &amp;amp; battery holder, and long flash delay
0	goes through batteries quickly and electrical cord could be longer
0	Small display, no speakerphone
0	Battery life is atrocious, seems like a very "breakable" phone.
0	Antennae breaks easily, Poor reception
1	convenient
1	Versatility, picture quality, convenience
1	Instant Pictures &amp;amp; Not having to pick up pictures...
1	Sound Quality, Appearance
1	good color, small compact size, simple to use
0	makes me look girlie
1	Archival quality without the service bureau
1	Gets a signal where most phones can't.
1	Easy to use, great pictures!
1	Stable Drivers, High Print Quality, Large Paper Tray
1	5 point harness on both car seat and stroller, all in all a good system
1	At, Wal-Mart for 99.99, the best price I could find for the features offered.
0	VERY pricey ink cartridges; initially comes only with a color ink cartridge.
0	EATS batteries. No built in USB.
0	too many options/features for the average non-tech person
0	Heavy when folded, expensive.
0	Nothing major.
1	Great photos for the price, easy to use, sturdy
1	good quality, fairly quiet
1	Simplicity Simplicity Simplicity
1	great printer, excellent results
0	Manual focus is tricky, not true 6.1 MegaPixel
0	Moves my entire cheap particle board computer desk :)
1	inexpensive, good support
1	price &amp; style
1	Excellent pictures, great price.  Best value for the money.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, prints clean fast...
1	Portability, Download to Disk, Easy to Use
1	looks, features, calling card, quick dial
0	Bulky
0	functions hard to find, not enough ring tones, battery life much shorter than advertised
1	Ease of use; full featured; excellent scanner and speed(see review)
1	Beautiful,great reception,easy functions,and compact
0	ink runs out quick
1	really light, covers all three GSM Modes eGSM 900/1800/1900,MMS,Blue Tooth Capable,polyphonic ring signals
1	Dependable, clear, moderately fast
1	Great construction; Great performance; Good features; Just about ergonomically perfect
0	When printing a color picture, it will fade the edges a bit
1	Many features, Large LCD display
1	Small Size, Color Screen, Light Weight, Great Features
1	Lots of useful features
0	nothing yet
1	nice display, large phonebook, easy to use, wonderful design
1	Price, durability, looks, finish, print quality, speed, malfunction recovery,quiet.
0	Dirt cheap quality.
0	digital zoom distorts pixels
0	time lag between decision and actual shot, Zoom 
1	Beautiful! Affordable. Easy to use. Quality product. 
1	You can always fine HP to be a reliable product.
1	Print quality, speed, fax speed &amp; functions, Reliability
1	Lightweight, nice visual display, menus are easy to navigate.
0	No flash, Not for low light situations
1	3.4 Megapixel (6.1 million megapixel interpolated images)  Interchangeable lenses, built in flash &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to hook up
1	Take lots and lots of pictures! If you don't succeed, try again and again!
0	Ink cartridges are on pricey side.
0	Sound quality is terrible; volume is too loud even at lowest setting.
0	Small buttons
1	Faster, higher resolution, nice photo quality
1	Small, light, easy to use
1	Downloading images from a flashcard
0	Hard to find accessories, could have shipped with better battery.
1	Easy to use, great pictures, good in low-light
1	stitch and movie function, manual modes, zoom digital zoom, small package, IBM microdrive support
0	bad indoor pics.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	slow two sided printing
0	Cannot handle paper well.
0	Paint chips off phone
0	All models have lemons. I got one!
1	Bluetooth and IR, nice screen format, camera takes good pictures, fancy look, ringtones, tri-band
0	accessories not included, occasional lag time
1	good quality
1	easy to use, software package included, affordable
0	Very, Very short battery life
0	Trying to write words on the keypad can sometimes be a really hard process.
1	speed when frequently used.
1	easy of use, great quality,floppy disk storage
1	5 pages per minute in black&amp;#13;&amp;#10;and 2 in color
0	Kind-of Bulky in Malls
0	Windows driver have problem, ink catridge seem not have long life.
1	Very inexpensive, meets my needs.
1	quiet, quality, efficient
1	Very comfortable to use, CDR storage feature is wonderful, good picture quality. 
0	not WAP internet compatible, no hi speed data transfer capability
0	Doesn't ring when people call me.  Battery dies horribly indoors.  Makes baby Jesus cry.
0	A little bulky &amp; fairly slow shutter speed.
0	Initial memory and charger inadequate, no sound, Pixela software unintelligible.
1	Small size,65,536 screen,bluetooth,ect
0	money
1	size, tons of features, good warranty
1	Price, Picture Quality, Short shutter lag.
0	Short battery life
1	The buttons are not confusing, and you can point and shoot with the camera
0	poor sound quality, a weak microphone, stiff buttons
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
0	Looses Connection in Michigan Dunes
0	Lousy Win2k drivers almost kill the thing (read more for my fix.)
0	Print heads wear out
1	Easy to use, VERY clear pictures
0	Doesn't come with a USB cable.
1	Great quality output, quiet
0	none
1	All around excellent
0	a whole lot
1	Small, cute.
1	Great picture quality, hotshoe, compact, durable, great for accessories
0	none to date
1	Keeps your desk tidy; printheads are permanent feature of the machine; drivers are easy to install; prints very fast.
1	Great features, very durable, simple and easy to use.
0	my 4th canon in 3 years
0	no carrying case, battery autonomy.
0	Size/geometry, resolution vs. alternatives
0	Too Small (hard to hold), Poor Ringer Choices
0	Photo print quality, speed, noise
1	Good quality, nice picture, jam free, fair price.
0	none yet
0	The battery life is not nearly as long as advertised.
1	Excellent printing capabilities, versatile, scanner, fax, copier, more?
0	shutter lag.
1	great prints
0	Shakes like a crackhead wih no money!
0	Printer broke down right after warranty expired.
0	Somtimes screen blacks out
1	Nice resolution, good feel in the hand, good price
1	Mobil Web
0	Expensive, I hope the costs of ink cartridges comes down soon.
1	good for rough drafts only
1	Lightweight.  Stylish.  Direct Connect.  External Speaker.  Nextel.  Done.
0	less than spectacular moving shots, small enough to lose.  No manual settings
1	Great Quality
0	No frills
1	Great selection of features, user friendly, stylish.
0	No rechargeable batteries, charger or AC adaptor. No USB support for Windows 95. No sound for video. Large size.
0	zoom, rapid shoots
0	hard to find accessories locally
1	perfect shots, long-focus, easy to use, a lot of features, good software
1	Space Saving, Takes up little room, easy to install and setup
1	USB, electronic features
1	Speed, ease of use, rarely jams, price
1	Quick, fast warm-up, handy features.
0	Complicated for an amateur-Horrible customer support/warranty help 
1	Great resolutions, Self timer
0	No firewire/USB, a little larger than some, slight distortion at some angles.
0	Calls get cut off, annoying "cannot place call" notice frequently
0	Can`t send MMS, no Bluetooth, weird keypad
0	USB sometimes doesn't recognize on boot, ink can be pricey, USB cable NOT supplied
1	Great Camera, Speaker phone is clear, Lightweight, Lens Cover, Good Reception and Battery
0	I doesn't work after that
1	Great Color, laser printer quality text, photocard slots, and more.
0	No printer sharing ability.  Usable on one computer only. Poor support.
0	poor quality
1	A tough little printer that will outlive its cartridges again and again!
0	Costs more than it should
0	Jutting antenna, screen too small for web browsing
0	Could be smaller
0	Size, a bit flimsy
0	slight menu lag, different battery size, battery life, headphone jack not industry standard.
0	It creates bad results in bumpy roads. 
0	none as of yet
0	Large display is EASILY BREAKABLE! Tiny phone side display
1	Microdrive with 340 MB of storage, easy menu set ups,excellent night shot feature.
1	Good outweighs the bad/
1	fast clear printed photos and cards; individual ink cartridges; very economical to use.
0	bulky, faulty and outdated
1	Great style! Very easy to use! Lightweight!
1	fast, BEAUTIFUL printouts, great for photos
0	Scratches show on silver case, Menu listing is not logical.
1	Inexpensive, fast, light-weight and compact
0	You have to have a good printer to get good pictures
0	No color screen.
1	Beautiful color quality
0	no carrying case
0	phone can be complicated at times, disco lights only work with pre installed ringtones,
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
0	See above I don't have room to list them all here.
0	None
1	You can delete any pictures that you don't want, and only keep the ones you do. No developing fees
1	Easy to turn, seat is padded
0	none
0	12 character name field!, no mobile/home/work icons in call history
0	Does not load paper reliably. Ink cartridges are pricey.
1	Small and sleek
0	wish it took better fast-moving pictures
0	face plates for this model are hard to find.
0	none
0	Bad battery life
1	- 2.1 megapixel resolution  - Wide array of features and options that are relatively easy to use
0	Proprietary memory modules. Body could be sleeker. Weak Software.
1	print quality
1	compact and cute, tons of features, good picture quality
1	Lots of features, good quality, fairly cheap
0	flimsy paper trays
1	Print quality is excellent
0	It doesn't have a color screen.
0	Need a good Printer &amp;amp; the videos don't play in windows
1	nice thing to have around
1	Everything
1	Flip phone is compact.
0	Everything else
1	Quality, Features
1	stylish, has a camera, bluetooth enabled
1	Color screen, easy to handle, like its shape
0	awkward to close, requires setting adjustments EVERY time you turn it on, eats batteries
1	inexpensive
0	Short battery life, special camera battery (not AA's)
0	picks up your surroundings more than other phones
0	feature, sliding buttons,
0	Larger than phones with comparable features
0	Size - but it is easy to get used to
1	Simple, small, great reception.
1	Light, easy to use, many features
0	battery life short, will not broadcast in buildings
0	None yet...
1	Good picture quality in daylight, 8x Optical zoom, 
0	scrapes
0	Many Paper Jams, A Long wait on pictures
0	short battery life
1	Clear, well-lit display; functionality; size; ring volume; long battery life.
1	Great Price, Reasonable Cost, Easy to Use
0	Battery life, Serial connection
1	Lightweight, durable, plush fabric, smooth suspension; reversible handle bar; fully reclining seat
1	Ease of use, High Quality Images, Very small and appealing
0	bad price
0	Energy hog; pricey, with extremely limited memory
0	None
0	proprietal hands-free jack
0	TERRIBLE reliability, constantly clogging print heads, tremendous ink cost
1	Affordable, high quality pictures and text, fold up paper tray.
0	heavy and costly
0	too wide to use indoors, expensive
1	Fast, quality text and photos, easy setup, terrific price
1	Lightweight, everything works together, collapsable with one hand!
0	Lens - only average quality
0	Stores small number of pics at high res, low battery life.
0	kind of slow, no on/off switch
0	Must read manual to operate properly, no AC adaptor 
1	Fast, responsive, relatively easy to learn and use. 
1	Great photo output, no dots
1	Ease of use, Cost effective.
0	GSM coverage spotty in some areas, some features are overkill, needs louder listening volume
1	excellent value for the money
0	major software issues, poor reception, network problems
0	The scanner scratched the scan jackets so it left lines
1	price
1	Good features and design
1	It gave Toshiba the bad reputation it so richly deserves.
0	None
1	Small, compact, great screen
0	Weak flash
1	Loaded with features at less cost than Motorola
1	chip
1	Features, image quality, ease of use
1	Intuitive design, millions of features, superb quality, VERY compact design.
1	picture quality, manual controls, amazing macro mode
1	Size, Features, Optical Zoom
0	BIG CON: Screen malfunctions common to model. Other Con: No "Delete All" text message ability.
0	paper feeds from the top
0	Not for large businesses
1	Cheap, lightweight
0	Relatively slow, glossy paper can get expensive.
1	Easy set up, Ease of use, no paper jams, great resolution
0	none for the money. 
1	Quick, quiet, good price
0	Side buttons can be a pain
0	Complicated, 3-way calling, speaker phone is staticky,camera takes Horrible-fuzzy pictures.
1	Full featured and lighweight
0	A little heavy to carry comfortably
1	It works, it was free
0	Case design, included software
1	Picture Quality, Price and Ease of Use
0	no flash/small picture capacity
1	Smooth, quite, good ink economy, great photo quality, and great price.
1	value, 4mp, good resolution
1	Lightweight, good reception, lots of features
1	Very easy to operate, lightweight, superb image quality...
0	battery life
0	Rebate ending soon!
0	No 2.5 mm plug for aftermarket headset, must use Nokia's.
1	Lightweight, Easy to use!
0	Ringer volume inadequate, connectivity not the best I've seen.
0	None
1	Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
1	Compact, lightweight, dual LCD's, excellent sound quality, many useful features.
0	No optical viewfinder - but who needs it.  Sony's website
0	Small memory card and no USB connectivity
1	Small (fits in pocket), stylish, color screen, great reception, a real conversation piece
1	Compact, lightweight, user-friendly, affordable, high quality photos
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
1	Outside display, small, voice dialing, nice blue backlight, good menu
0	Not quite compatible with all old accessories, battery life
0	Slow, CPU intensive printer driver, ink cartridge cost.
0	Dark indoor photos
1	Speaker Phone, Direct Connects, Small, Compact
1	light and small, features, looks, price
1	Looks good, very convenient.
0	Rechargeable battery is not included.
1	Cheap, Good Quality Printing
1	infinite storage, image stabilization, 10x zoom
0	Soft images, poor shot to shot times, short battery life, 
0	bulky in size due to large paper size
0	bad battery life, non-intuitive menus, no search in phonebook, rings not loud
0	price is high
1	Extremely easy to break down
0	LOUD, bulky
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	Limited picture capacity on floppy.
1	call clarity, battery life, speaker phone, voice dial, internet
0	High Ink Costs, Poor Customer Service, Poor Print Quality, Not Compatable with Windows XP,Planned Obselescence
1	10X zoom , feature-laden
0	Does not last
0	Expensive
1	This is an excellent printer with high quality printing skills
0	Battery life is drained quickly in cold weather - good thing I'm moving to Florida
1	Smooth ride
1	Love the speakerphone function and big screen
1	Zoom, Zoom, Zoom
0	A refurbished model w/ a broken battrey cover & Rogers AT&T GSM coverage.
1	Great Pictures, Uses Floppy Diskettes, MPEG1 Videos
0	Slow uploads to computer
0	Network setup instructions are not provided, but they are somewhat different.
0	Poor battery life.
1	Good picture quality, inexpensive, basic features
1	Good Quality Print, Inexpensive Purchase Price, Inexpensive Ink Cartridges
0	Problems with Carkit "handsfree" recharge.
0	none
1	QVGA Screen 1.3mp Camera BT-SPK-Video MP3wNice Speakers Well Designed and Well Constructed
0	doesn't come with wall power adapter, software could be better.
1	Lightweight, strong reception, clarity, compact, easy to see display
1	Cheap.   Can print envelopes without removing paper.
1	Uhhh. . .Uhhh...Hmmmm
0	bad resolution
1	Extremely sharp photos.  Easy to use after you become familiar with it.
1	Cheap, very easy to setup
1	Light, changeable faceplates
1	Tough printer, easy to use, inexpensive, fast, quality printing.
0	limited manual modes, eats batteries (don't they all?)
1	Durable construction means I won't be breaking this one
1	A PDA and Phone all in one!
0	CUSTOMER SERVICE
1	Easy to use, Very accurate color, Intelligent autofocus system, Functional shooting modes, Excellent software
0	very expensive ink jet cartridges.
1	Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
0	None
1	Easy to use, great pictures
0	Sound quality is awful
1	Ergonomics, design, size
1	small, lightweight, durable, easy to use
1	Great value for the money, great quality output
0	none for me
1	Long Battery Life, Great Color Covers
0	Eats batteries like they all do. More zoom would be a plus
1	A complete system all in one. No need to buy multi pieces of equipment.
1	You can talk to people sometimes
1	compact, fast, quiet
0	cost of supplies, paper storage is limited
0	Flimsy output tray, printheads 
0	Poor reception, phones break down in no time.
0	expensive tanks and poor tech support
1	very easy to use, good flash, large viewfinder
1	Reliability
0	not best quality, but ok
1	very discrete, durable, cheap
1	12 pages per minute in black ink, 10 pages per minute in color, Smudge-resistant; fast drying ink, Beautiful photo-quality pictures.
0	runs out of ink to fast
1	Cost, USB compact flash, ease of use
1	Sleek, stylish look, good software, easy to use.
1	Great phone with cool features.
1	Size, Weight, Ease of use, Reliability, durability, now available free!!
1	Cute and light.
0	Some design flaws, misc semi-common problems
1	small, good focus, no red eye
1	price, ease of use , compact size
0	reliability, not easy to use
0	useless camera, sporadic reception, sticky keys, hard to figure out
0	Advanced mode learing is steep and picture quality suffers in low light.
1	Ease of use.  Instructions.  Price.
0	Delayed reaction on button
0	get rechargable batteries!, small 4mb card included,but 16mb card is cheap
1	accessories
1	Voice dialing/command interface
0	Inconsistent results in auto mode.
1	Fast &amp; decent printouts, easy setup, Good value for money..
0	Everything else
0	Bundled software Unavailable TWAIN capability ("photo suction"), 90-day warranty 
1	Ergonomically and aesthetically pleasing, more features than Ben & Jerry's flavors
1	Ultra-fast, sharp output, power-saving mode, easy duplexing, single-sheet feed
1	Fantastic results at a great price, fast, quiet and easy to use and install.
0	Slow between shots&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slightly slow start up time&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Average bettery life- get an extra one
0	No sync tools yet
1	Rugged, Kodak Authentication Module, ActiveX interface.
0	Phone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds are static like
0	Very hard to handle... only 2 reclines
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Pricey, power hungry
0	Camera is a battery hog(get rechargeables for it)
0	small viewing screen
0	Clunky navigation, light on features, no internet
1	Cheap
0	The instruction book is insufficient for most of the machine's features.
1	clarity, resolution, zoom power
1	Lights on the front
0	Expensive, gets stuck on some low thresholds because it is so light.
1	Size of the phone. Features fits my needs for business
1	Looks SLEEK against my Cheek
0	Set up was no breeze and documentation is weak
1	Good Quality Printing, Great Price
0	Ringer is fairly quiet&#13;&#10;
1	inexpensive, easy to manoeuvre, light weight
0	No internal vibrate & dated games
1	great value, crisps black print, near photo quality color prints
1	Inexpensive, Easy to use software
0	Nothing to write here.
1	compact design and advanced features
1	Camera Cheap for functions provided, optical and digital zoom. Great pics
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Durable, dependable, good reception,clear audio, long battery life, inexpensive accessories.
0	None. For this price range you can't get anything better.
0	Eats Batteries Like Crazy
1	Able to adjust washout.  Great for familys with fair skinned children 
0	Lens cap is difficult to get back off.
1	Professional Quality Digital
1	Fast
0	Wireless provider will determine your happiness
0	uses lot of batteries
1	Size, ease of use, very good reception.
1	very fashionable design(it looks expensive!)
0	Doesn't  work very well
1	large seats, lightweight, easy to push/steer
0	Learning how to use it
0	expensive
0	viewfinder, no mic for video, limited shutter speed
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	INK DOES NOT LAST &amp; IS EXPENSIVE, SOFTWARE IS HARD TO SETUP
0	Switching Cartridges and re-aligning quite often!
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, great pictures
0	I haven't found anything I didn't like
0	Needs ink jet paper for good text quality
1	Tons of great features with stylish look to boot!
1	Beautiful color
0	Does not include Parallel or USB cabling. Requires additional desk real estate.
1	Beautiful color printing, good quality
0	short battery life, poor image quality, doesn't support a floppy diskette
1	Sleek Design, GPRS
1	Cost, easy install WIN2k, Cost of Ink, Quality of print.
1	nice design, easy to use
1	Nice Styling and features
0	may be too small or light for those who lose things easily
1	Sleek
0	May not be fast enough for larger offices
0	doesn't print color
1	The phone is comfortable and easy to use long battery life
0	No Windows 2000 support at this time
0	Funtion
1	works sporadically
0	manual feed location, software
1	Inexpensive (free with service), user friendly, comfortable to use.
0	no Zoom!! price, heavy/bulky, 
0	Poor battery life, Poor reliability, No chat board and UGLY!!
1	Great print quality, HP name.
1	Usability
1	Light, user friendly, one key call, send and disconnect.
0	Batter life (not too bad though), no external color display (I know, picky)
0	Not customizable; still has many features.
0	 Short focal length lens Flash on the weak side  
0	i dont have any     SORRY
1	Great loudspeaker function, trendy, 128x128 pixels screen resolution
1	Not a one.
1	great photos, easy to use
0	No outer display
0	Time to turn on-off
0	Limited Warranty
0	Poor battery life, limited accessories.
0	The lens cover gets in my way.
1	Cost, Ease of Use, Quality, Great Customer Service
0	basket hard to reach
1	Great features
0	bad battery life, bad reception, expensive, outdated technology
0	LCD doesn't come on automatically
1	Small, light, many features, easy to use, long battery life
1	Price, Features for the Price, Availability of Accessories
0	For the size and price?  None.
1	Internal & external displays
0	Short drum life, obtrusive software
0	No Vibrate Only Mode, Poor reception
1	Sharp text, average speed, easy to use and affordable
1	Light, Compact Flash, many modes for different settings
0	Battery life seems awful short
1	good pictures
0	Range
1	Compact size, lightweight, very much great possibilities, easy to use, familiar menu, good battery life
0	None!
1	No-nonsense solid little phone.
0	Cost of print cartridges, size, noise, no toll free number to call for service
1	The pros?...Little to no cons
0	can't handle too many fumbles
0	DRINKS ink.  Print heads clog continuously.
0	How battery is charged and location of shutter and on/off buttons
1	Smooth design. Quiet operation. Easy to use.
0	battery doesnt last long enough
0	RAW format is nice perk but takes a long time to process
1	great quality, fast, quiet, inexpensive
1	Great Pictures, Ease of Use, Diskette Saves
1	Lots of features for a lot less money these days.  Lightweight.  Sturdy.  Long battery life.
1	Coloured faceplates,size,overall feel,battery life.
0	Not fully Mac compatible, needs a bigger Smart media card
0	It runs out of paper! (Dumb Joke)
1	Great pictures, fast, features to allow tons of creativity that only an SLR can provide.
0	Slight blurring if you don't wait long enough for focus, Battery life, Dark LCD...
0	Fast battery use, no AC adapter came w/ it.
1	Great phone, super great options worth the purchase
1	Detailed timers/logging for all calls, size, user interface, battery life.
1	None, period.
1	good value, easy to use hardware
0	don't have any
1	Excellent pictures, very easy to configure, simple picture upload, very high quality all around.
0	grainy picture quality, bad indoor or low-light outdoor shots
0	small basket, hard to manuveur, didn't always lock in place
1	speedy black and white printer,multitasks!
0	Small Screen.
0	Poor picture quality and size
1	the pictures look spectacular
0	Freezes/Locks-up. Poor Battery Life.
1	Beautiful results!
0	Manual not good
1	Voice activated dialing, many extra features, long battery life, small size
0	roaming distance is shorter than most
1	none
0	Memory card is small
1	Quality of prints
1	Easy to use/menus. Accepts AA batteries., 16MB internal memory. Nice big LCD display.
0	Simply cannot be relied upon.
1	Ease of use, value
0	A bit thick.  A bit awkward as a phone without headset.  A bit pricey.
0	Limited Zoom Range, Limited Manual Control
1	compact, stylish, good quality pictures
1	size,battery life,style, features
1	Loudness
1	Great picture quality, features
0	No optical viewfinder, Slow startup times, Slow image / thumbnail display 
1	 Reliable Printer, Great Quality
0	Don't expect COMPLETELY "professional" results
0	Price
1	4 popular products combined into 1. Less clutter. More space.
1	Epson quality
0	SLOW COLOR PRINTING, black text quality is only average, body of printer feels cheap
1	Versatility
1	Small Size, Easy to use
1	inexpensive yet fully functional
1	lightweight, attractive
1	Takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'
0	Really aren't any that I've found, software should come with it and not cost extra
0	Haven't seen any cons
0	to short for doing the ear-to-shoulder tuck without dropping the phone
1	Slim, many features for price
0	Lens cap design, too complex for the casual user
0	Awful WAP browser, sensitive screen, no vibration, no logos/picture messages, slow processor, short battery life.
0	size and shape
0	Videos are grainy, camera is still a bit thick, and battery could last longer.
1	wide variety of print types and papers
1	Compact size, fits easily in the pocket and loud ring.
1	There are wonderful options that you just can't get on other cameras.
1	Lots of Features, Cheap
0	none that I've found
0	You will never be able to move it again
1	Smaller Frame then the Z52. Same high quality printing and reliablity.
1	Great Speed; Nice Photo Quality; Crisp Text
0	Scanner damages photos. Print quality stinks at any setting.
0	bulky when folded, kind of heavy
1	Great price, good speed and picture quality
1	speakerphone, durable, battery life
1	small, walkie talkie, cheap
0	batteries run low fast
1	light and small, great sound quality, easy to use, looks great
1	Automatic poweron/poweroff, that's about it
1	This phone is small, a unique color, and has a nice color screen.
1	Lightweight, very high resolution and great color quality. Features galore for the prosumer type.
1	Compact, excellent pictures, optical and LED viewfinders, easy to use &amp; download, MPEG movies
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	Software for prints could be a little easier to use.
0	Slow shutter, body/screen easy to scratch, zoom is weak, charger&amp;battery no included
0	lack of resolution in enlargements
0	Slow for action shots, no optical viewfinder,poor pic quality at night
0	No lens cap, self-timer, or tripod socket
1	Good price, fair print quality, compact
0	Haven't found any...
0	Dries up, high maintanence, high cost of use.
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload pictures to your PC, easy to use
0	Weak zoom;Lack of macro mode;Not much manual control
0	Not having one
0	slow, slow, slow
1	Durable, easily portable, light, clear, nice features, nice phone!
0	no dedicated black cartridge with the photo cartridge, expensive ink
1	Compact, easy to set up, good quality printouts
1	reliable, easy to use
1	Nice phone, easy to use, good reception
0	wait time between pictures, requires batteries
0	Short Battery Life
0	Needs PLENTY of light; Weak flash; Reds "pop out" a bit; Forgets some settings.
0	Battery life is average at best for cell phones, but better than my old SPH-A460.
1	good quality &amp; numerous capabiities.
1	speed and clarity, low cost
1	Image quality, speed, battery life, storage capacity
0	Mediocre image quality, trouble focussing indoors, anemic flash, not robust.
1	Small, compact, durable, easy to learn, great pictures, great software
0	Sheet Feed, Drivers, Speed, Quality
0	Too many to list with 15 words.
1	Great pictures, oots of possibilities
1	Great Output
0	As good as the color output is, it's not a real photo printer.
0	Slow or difficult low light focusing, Manual focus lag, No PC Socket?
0	horrible software, Bluetooth doesn't actually work, and very bulky.
0	Honestly have not encountered any
0	noise in low light situations, doesn't remember flash setting, poor warranty and customer service
0	not for printing
0	Serial connection for transfering pictures, sometimes pictures are funky.
1	Sliding cover that does not need to used; NaviRoller; large memory
1	None
1	Quiet, Quick, Fold up Paper Tray
1	Excellent Image Quality.  Nikon Optics., Compact size.
0	Extremely short battery life, flimsy charger receptacle, hard to see display.
1	Looks & size.  Features.  Custom ringtones.  Accessories.
0	battery use
0	Somewhat limited battery life, but recharges quickly &amp; spares are available.
1	Size, portability, external caller ID, phone book size, voice dialing a plus, call clarity.
0	Software booklet unavailable and help is very limited, not a good choice for professionals, photo graininess enhancement limited.
0	No zoom feature
1	Easy Setup, Good Quality Print, Reasonable price
0	Annoying antenna and mushy keys make up short con list
0	Short battery life, usability of display outdoors
1	viewing screen, zoom, black-and-white photos
1	Inexpensive
0	would like a bigger CF card
1	Beautiful photos with great resolution. Easy to use. Lots of settings to play with.
0	Printer heads get clogged too easily rendering the machine useless.
1	Intended functionality.
0	The reception could be a little bit better but that's true for practically all phones.
0	Haven't discovered any as of yet
1	Good price for good quality
0	Still not adequate for action or candid photography.
1	Multifuntional and easy to use and setup.
0	Many of the features don't work right.
1	Great pictures, Zoom features, protective covering on the lens.  Easy point and shoot picture taking.
1	NOTHING
0	SLOW
1	Excellent Bang for the buck.
1	Easy to use, solid build.
0	Frontal direct flash, quick battery drainage
1	FULL DUPLEX SPEAKER PHONE (IT WORKS!) WITH ONE TOUCH SPEAKER ACTIVATION- VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
0	short battery life
0	Ink nozzles have to be cleaned regularly
0	Terrible sound quality.  Had problem with 1GB memory card.
1	When it works it is fast, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
0	no sound in the movie mode
1	easy to transfer to computer
1	Great Price, High Quality color printing, quiet, HP Product
0	no downloading ringtones, and no way for me to check e-mail(bummer)
0	Pause between button push and shot
0	None to date
0	None!
0	Short lifespan
0	Too Many Problems
0	expensive cartriges
0	not for 2 small children
0	Flash, but not too worry about
0	Lowlight camera performance, slow menu navigation, quality of movie mode, sliding camera cover, battery life
1	Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
1	Great job on text, Paid $59 for it, Easy to use.
0	movie mode isn't long enough
1	quick to print, paper usually doesn't suffer 'crinkle effect'
1	Size, clamshell design, holster
1	Fairly good results for the resolution,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good features
1	Great battery life!! over 1000 photos so far. Good size. durable
1	Floppy Disk Storage and much more 
1	Inexpensive and clear pictures
1	Excellent Pictures, zoom doesn't protrude, easy to use, excellent LCD.
1	overall design, options, color
1	Cheap, cute.
1	Sleek design and ease of use.
1	Excellent picture quality...the Zeiss lens is awesome!&amp;#3;
1	Easy To Find Replacement Ink, Easy To Use
0	Hard to give back to the salesperson after you play with it.
0	Poor night time performance
1	Blue backlight screen and keyboard, built-in games,usefully built-in tools and good sound
1	Excellent image quality and ease of use
1	Excellent optics, great features, fast USB connection.
0	Needs to be upgraded right out of the box
0	Need to treat delicately, somewhat long delay when snapping a picture
0	bulky for storage
0	EVERYTHING ELSE!! The phone is a dud, bad reception always....
1	Great consolidation, fantastic features, MP3 player, SD card, very good phone, excellent beltclip, web access.
0	Eats batteries like the famine is coming tomorrow, only 8mb card included, confusing menu system.
0	Needs a on &amp;amp; off switch for flash
1	USB Setup - a bear!
1	Excellent camera system, acts like a film camera
0	not a one
0	none
0	The way the single-photo-delete feature works, I've accidentally erased good pictures.
1	Easy to operate
0	the cooliest
0	small screen, bad reception, antana is unconvinient, breaks easily, low battery life
0	For the Photo Enthusiast you will want more manual control.
1	Small, feature packed, intuitive operation
0	who needs all these features? haven't found the keylock yet
0	Fails to charge, silences itself randomly, lousy ringtones, too big
1	Small, slick looking, great screen indoors
1	Small, easy to use, best reception I have had, faceplates, now it's cheap!
0	Big, no games, counter-intuitive, badly designed, bad earpiece
0	Price, Ugly Colors
0	Noisy, ink is expensive, very slow
0	No manual mode, eats batteries and have to remove to charge, poor resolution LCD 
0	only available in chrome face plate
1	Excellent resolution and prints
0	none
1	Cool features, great reception, fun to customize, good battery life
0	Having prints made can be expensive, so shop around
1	Excellent reception/broadcast. Very small, tri-mode, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring.
1	Easy to use, reasonably priced, produces great pictures.
0	batteries don't last long
0	Short battery life
0	Annoying.
0	Text looks kinda fuzzy.
0	no TIFF format, LCD is small
0	not mastiff-proof ;)  sometimes drops calls in a very specific area
1	Slick, Stylish, Features, Keypad cover
0	Short battery life, many features I won't use, ring is too low
1	Unbelievable photo quality; quiet; no warmup
0	constantly freezes
1	Small, lots of features, great reception.
0	A bit heavy with the 4 AA batteries loaded.
1	storage medium, battery life, ease of use
1	can take anywhere, anytime, anyplace
1	Easy to use
0	Small, no new tech features
0	Not crazy about slider (tough to find good case); less customizable than my prev Nokia
0	Battery Life, Voice Quality
1	good clear picture
1	looks great, sounds great
1	Very crisp color photos, clean text, very reliable unit at a low price
0	Price, not easy to steer one handed.
1	Durable, easy to use, quality pics
1	a great printer for home use,four separate color inks
0	falls apart way too easy
1	ease of use (camera &amp; software) great photos, even in low resolution (900X600) mode
0	poor battery life; image quality is average
0	Short battery life. . . be prepared to have plenty on hand to upload pictures
0	Pics blurry when zoomed in too far
1	Battery life, speakerphone, camera lens cover, and the ease to customize the phone
0	Battery life could be better.  Can't Lock the phone.
1	Well priced, easy to setup and use,reliable, fast, good quality
0	Olympus' "stinginess" in included extras, included manual not up to expectations
0	not always portrait quality (but close)
0	everything else about it
1	Nice features, vibrate alert, stores 200 contacts including snail& email addresses
1	In the shop it looked good and worked well.
0	Slow Printing Speed
1	Moveable display
1	Size, voice
0	None that I have found
0	battery consumption
0	Back cover is separate from battery.  Huge antenna strut.
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	LCD, 4x zoom, Fast boot
0	small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 images
0	Very expensive cartridges.
0	Lots of problems with this printer and it's drivers, Parallel port only, Parallel cord not included, Uses lots of ink quickly
0	Could be clearer, semi-dated
0	Smearing
0	HURRY OUT AND GRAB THIS OFF EVERY SHELF IN AMERICA,,
0	The Battery life. Samsung PC Studio3 doesn't work.
1	10x optical zoom, ease of use, floppy disk inserts when taking pictures.
1	quality images, microdrive, software, super fine JPEG
0	A little Bulky
1	Small,very easy to use,reception & clarity, 2-way Text messages!!
1	Fast printing, price
1	Great Daytime shots. Functional Status display. Good Zoom.Easy to use. Firmware upgrade capable.
0	none so far, maybe limits on paper size
1	Seamlessly synchs with Microsoft Outlook. Large, easy to read display makes navigation a breeze.
1	Hey!  The calculator works!
1	Easy Installation, Fast
1	Great Phone
0	Customer care is a long distance call
0	Then it died!, 
0	A little big. Battery life. Macro function.
1	high resolution, zoom, USB connection
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	sub par photo printing
0	battery life
1	Low Price, 1.3Mp image, ease of use, 
1	Great Quality, color, detail
1	Features (4050 Series), Panel Controls, Duplex available
1	Tri-mode, easy to use
1	Excellent picture quality, very affordable, great in every way
0	Instruction Book could be easier to use
1	Ease of use, features, printed manual
1	Very Inexpensive,  Good quality, Quick Printing
1	Good emergency phone
1	Good camera, great 320x240 display, MP3 player sound quality, popular phone platform=lots of games/apps,
1	Nothing really amazing here
1	Very simple interface with computer and printer.  Fairly compact.
1	easy to fold, rubber wheels, side-by-side seats, full recline
1	Easy menu navigation, Stylish, compact design
0	Crashes frequently, hangs dropped calls, poor signal strength, poor customer service/return policy.
0	Uses a lot of ink and needs to be used regularly.
1	USB connectivity, 3x optical zoom, color reproduction
1	Cute, Professional, and it has LOTS of features!
1	The ink is seperate, making it cheaper to replace just black ink. Versatile.
1	Versatility, features, picture quality, vibrant color
0	Average picture quality, lack of features, size, floppy disk storage
0	Costly, not necessary for everyone.
0	Only One Megapixel, Almost no Options, hefty price tag.
1	Excellent macro function, Excellent camera for the price &amp; features,Build Quality
1	light weight and easy to use
0	display issues, wont make calls... etc.
1	Looks, Camera
0	Not a beginner's camera
0	not good for color printing
1	Simple to use, quality photos in daylight, movie clips with sound
1	IT WORKED FOR 5 MINUTES
1	Web enabled, small size, light weight, large display screen, send and receive email, faxes.
1	Lightweight, Easy to fold, Durable, the best value!
1	 The enhancement options are easily accesible from the camera itself.
1	Speakerphone,lots of features for a small phone
0	Battery life, virtually have to buy the rechargables
0	the latch for the compactflash card could be a little more sturdy
1	Uses a disk instead of uploading with cables, etc.
1	Small easy to navigate phone
1	Keypad, lightweight, easy navigation.
1	Easy to use, very clear pictures, and lots of features 
0	Sprint PCS Service, wireless connection
1	Quite small and light. Seems well made and certainly feature rich.
0	breakdowns lack of warranty back up for known fault. poor volume
0	Large footprint - 18" by 18" at minimum extension.
1	easily turns, my baby fits comfertably!
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Battery Life, Layout, Bluetooth, Speakerphone, Speed.
1	small and lightweight
1	Excellent quality pictures
1	Style.  Voice dialing.  Easy to set silent mode.  Compact design.  Good battery.
1	Good old Nokia menus and features
0	reception, sound quality, ringer
1	Price
1	Excellent picture quality. 8MB card included (up to 122 photos); unbelievable price
1	Very portable, accurate color, very well made, incredible!
0	a little bigger than StarTac
0	...master of none.
0	poor at pulling in weak signals
0	Software package is weak - uses regular AA Batteries
0	everything else about this phone
0	Weak Flash
0	Optical view-finder sot perfectly aligned with actual photo. Proprietary batteries.
0	Very  Hard to Use 
0	Could only get the double-barrel L-ion batteries to work well, long shutter lag
0	Poor reception and some menu features hard to use
0	Micro drives and batteries need work.  Requires Nikon DX model flash for consistency.
0	lack of power? not enough for price
1	A wonderfully designed and easy to use high quality digital camera.
1	FLOPPY DISK, GOOD QUALITY PICS SENDING OVER THE WEB ,LONG BATTERY LIFE,
0	A big phone
0	Bulky
1	Great overall phone - easy to use and many accessories available
1	Inexpensive, nice print quality and quiet
0	Quite bulky in width, horrible battery life.
0	NOT NT compatible.
0	It uses a lot of batteries.
1	multifuctional, space saver
1	Solid case. Good display. Big, spaced out number keys.
0	The seat adjustment is tricky 
1	Great for  and pics of intricate items as well as photos
1	Reliable, Good Quality, Cheap Storage
1	discounted price. fantastic print quality, quiet, quick, EXCELLENT 
1	price, features, inclusions, size and weight, ability to use a tripod
0	Slim line battery makes you have to charge your phone EVERY DAY!
1	Near Laser Quality and beautiful photos made inexpensively.
0	None so far
1	Easy to use, Idiot proof
1	nice price
0	Not the best value
1	Good quality + Great price, Easy to use
1	Very good print quality, good speed
0	read all opinions for the cons
1	The best Vision phone available to date!
1	The printing quality is wonderful, especially when printing photos out on photo paper. 
0	LCD display sucks batteries dry quick
1	On-Board Photocopy feature easy to use;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints well&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quick and easy to set-up
1	Excellent photos
0	XD memory card, a little bulky, ASA (200 only), pics can be blurry without flash
1	USB, Optical zoom, small size
1	great pictures, easy to use in taking pictures
1	lots of useful options
0	Takes getting used to because of small size., , Some trouble installing due to missing files.
0	grainy LCD preview; poor picture quality; flash broken
0	awkward menu &navigation, small buttons, long antenna, little space for name &to do list
0	never worked correctly; Cannon will not replace with new printer
0	does not have high-tech features
1	Initial price
0	Kind of big.
1	Small, great Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
0	Special battery
1	Easy to read display, quality speakerphone, battery life
1	Nice outdoor pics
1	Small, easy to use.
0	No outside display screen,
0	Dropped calls, clock loses time, ringer volume.
1	Voice recognition, hardware, &quot;PIM&quot; features
0	Ringer too soft, vibrate too low, some annoying design features
0	Size too big for some
1	&lt;b&gt;INEXPENSIVE, PRINTS GOOD PHOTOS&lt;/b&gt;
1	Better reception than a pre-pay, lightweight and good clarity.
0	Terribly cheap quality, center bar breaks, wheels fall off
0	small, battery, scratches
0	Inadequate Setup Guide may be difficult for people inexperienced at printer setup.
0	None Right Now!!!
0	No long zoom for it
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	price
1	Nice loud ring options , convenient send to mailbox side buttons
0	uses a lot of batteries
1	Picture quality is A+
1	The best on the market
1	Easy to use, Less Shutter Lag, Great Image Quality, Available Accessories
1	Great layout, good speakerphone, nice included apps
1	Cheap, easy to use, software included is good.  takes good 1.3 megapixel pictures. 
0	pricy
1	Dependable, good quality
0	Terrible flash photos of people indoors. 
1	Easy to use long battery life.
1	Outstanding quality, takes pictures fast,  Records Mpeg Movies.
1	Great picture, great options
1	See Review Above
0	Flawed, gaps in casing.
1	Great feel, easy to operate, 12 second video capture mode, good battery life.
1	Battery life, trendy design, easy to use, excellent after sales
0	A discontinued model with Verizon.  Got mine at Radio Shack. NLA at Verizon.
0	2x Optical Zoom, Battery Life
0	Not enough room to type them all here, please read the epinion
1	Small size, lightweight, user friendly
0	carts ... small,expensive,chipped. Show no ink with ink remaining. Head clogs with non-Epson inks
1	Nice design, inexpensive, good print quality (B&amp;W and color), small footprint
0	None that I know of
0	Had to send one back
0	No cable included - but printers never include them!
0	Too slow to focus, no sound on MPEG, too small, clumsy controls, poor battery life.
1	Finest Quality; Fast Print Speeds; Quiet; Reliable; 4 Independent Ink Cartridges
1	 *Easy setup&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Small Footprint.&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Quiet&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Excellent print quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Fast&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Toner Lasts forever&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Great price!
1	Cheap, easy to use, fun, makes videos
1	QWERTY. Landscape. Fast. Built in Speakers. Feature Set.
1	easy to use key pad, stylish, colour display, front flap display screen, menu navigation
1	Cheap
0	Paper roller breaks, faint printing, no USB
0	do NOT get the retractable antenna - get the stubby!
1	Can take a bit of abuse, looks VERY professional
1	Speed, print quality, reliability
1	Very light weight and compact, good quality pictures, versatile.
0	Apparently conflicts with Palm Desktop on Mac OS X
0	larger, requires user to provide printer cable
1	Nice camera for not a lot of $$
0	Nokia marketing are possibly pushing the packet a little too far....
0	Verizon interface, Vcast, ringtone & music apps, microSD location
0	size (it's bulkier than a Olympus 400Z) and one needs to press the shutter button down half way for a second to let the camera adjust focus and exposure.  If you don't do that the picture can come out unfocused.  The battery empty indicator also comes up f
0	Ergonomics and software leave something to be desired
1	Easy to use, Amazing Interface, Cheap, Almost Too Many Options
0	nothing i can think of
0	Horribly slow when printing high res color documents
0	Battery life, sound quality
1	decent quality
1	ease of use, image quality, wide range of professional tools
1	good screen, easy to figure out, good sized keys
0	Have to wait for print screen before you can do anything else
1	camera size,  photo quality
0	8 meg card is too small, blurry close-ups
1	It was inexpensive and came with a rebate.
0	Noisy, heads clog, and few programs can deal without borders.
1	Compact; rugged; comfortable to hold; quality construction
0	Battery life is non existant!
1	Dual digital network support, excellent battery life, lots of features.
0	Olympus customer service, camera reset &amp;quot;feature&amp;quot;, no easy way to clean SmartMedia contacts
0	Flimsy antenna
1	Tri band&#13;&#10;BT, IR & GPRS&#13;&#10;Small size&#13;&#10;Good battery autonomy
0	Price, Pixel Resolution
0	USB Cable not included.
1	Good quality pictures and you can take a lot of them
0	price
1	Great form factor, tri-mode, easy-to-use menus, plays MP3s, decent photo quality.
1	Excellent photo-print quality
0	not the best quality, some jams, LOUD
0	breaks easily with a little wear and tare.
1	Compact size, relative ease of use.
1	no shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
0	Only 2MB memory, nonexpandable or networkable.
1	Portable, durable, all metal case, good feature set
0	Damn thing won't find or keep a signal!
1	quality of images; ease of use
0	still print same size as the 1200, ink carts harder to find (for now)
0	Poor earpiece volume, feels fragile at times, stock software is useless
0	No focus light for pictures in low light. Only 30 sec of video
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	None found
0	Manual operation and resolution is over-rated.
0	black only
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	I have found none, so far
1	cheap
1	Lightweight,long battery life,usable worldwide,great sound(better than Nokia),web ready and more.
1	nice price, great programs, prints very good 
1	Everything
0	Poor print quality; expensive cartridges
0	the key is too small
1	takes very nice pictures
0	Lack of USB and SOUND...only a gripe for the uninitiated or totally anal
0	short battery life, small size makes it hard for large hands to use.
1	Lightweight, Sturdy, Good sound quality, internet access.
0	doesn't last, software included has problems of its own
0	Static, dropped calls, unpredictable ring tones
0	Slightly more costly
0	poor photo print quality
0	Long loading time, vibrate option is iffy.
0	Poor performance, doesn't recognize Mac OS 9.04
1	inexpensive, high quality, small, quiet
1	compact, gorgeous, easy to use, tons of options
1	Great compact phone; easy to read screen for web usage.
0	Control Button used in menu options takes some getting used to.
0	No live image preview; amateurish viewfinder coverage; could use more AF sensors; raw format images slow to acquire; lacking built-in higher values of sharpening option
1	Nice print quality
1	nonbad photoprint, low noise level
1	Great Value, Compact, Asthetic, Fast, Simple.
1	Just A Great Camera
1	Many features
1	Good quick snap camera for Under $100
1	it takes great photos
0	hassles with toner smudiging
0	photo paper and ink refills or expensive unless you find good sales on the internet.
1	Sleek design, light weight, affordable, belt clip included, skins included
0	none
0	noisy, bad reception
0	It doesn't quite recline flat, but it is enough for baby to sleep comfortably.
1	solid build, elegant design, sharp pictures, very portable
0	Eats up ink fast
0	It's big
1	Sleek, stylish.  Screen has awesome visibility. Small stature.
0	Frequent paper jams, VERY SLOW, and the ink and cartridges are rather expensive to replace
0	Mediocre low light/high speed performance
1	Attractive, Bluetooth, Camera, Web-enabled, MP3 Ringtones
1	Very lightweight, easy to fold, attractive.
1	Easy to use
1	Low cost and operation cost with HP quality printing.
1	Great with the underwater housing for snorkeling! Super camera! Lots of things to learn!
1	durability
0	Expensive Ink, High Cost Per Page
0	costly calls
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	Poor battery life, poor reception, poor provider
0	no voice-dialing, games could be better
0	Way to hard to charge!!
0	The strap is made for a right handed person, the lens cap could be made better.
1	Durable, Speakerphone & Great Quality
0	Customer leaves a lot to be desired, the thing is huge, a lot of things do not work a lot of the time.
0	a little expensive along with the video cards.
0	No Analog, Shuts down once in while, software not upgradable
1	Attractive. Nice time display on the outside. Very thin. Nice screen.
1	ink doesn't dry up in printer, quiet, great quality, great price
0	Fragile, might be too small for some
0	none that i can think of
0	battery consumption, serial cable, can only use digital zoom on low res.
1	Lots of features, easy to use
0	Paper curls.
0	Only takes 100 sheets of paper, ocassional paper jam, but nothing frequent or that bad.
1	Optical zoom, interchangeable memory, easy to program, adequate adjustments, USB cable, affordable
0	People might laugh at your love for the inanimate.
0	Lots of buttons, battery breaks free if dropped, web navagation awkward
1	good pictures, small camera
1	Small, fast shutter, lots of great features... did i say small?
0	in 6 months to a year, this thing will seem like the 35mm does now, an increased flood of 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disks all over your house!
0	I have had problems with devices that attach to the charge/data port.
0	Battery hog
0	memory sticks are expensive
0	Signal, Battery Life
1	Easy, Convenient, Lightweight
0	Some internal part noise
1	cell phone/palm pda combo all work as expected. lots of 3rd party enhancements. speakerphone.
1	Nice Camera young, it so tight!
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Signal indicator too optimistic, cumbersome interface for advanced features
1	Great Features, Excellent battery life, and usability
1	Absolutely Everything!!!!  It's a terrific phone!!
0	None so far, really !
0	not good for travel, small basket
1	sturdy durable easy assemble
1	Feature RICH! Takes stunning photographs! Long battery life! 
0	None too mentionable
0	batteries run down fast
0	phone itself is pricey
0	Noisy and shaky
0	Canon image service has a sneaky copyright agreement
1	what a cool stuff
1	great pictures, extra features, easy to use, and good software included
1	A great printer at a good price.
1	size and style make it a great phone
1	great phone. has tons of features
0	even extended battery is terrible, very bad reception
1	Functional, stylish design, easy to use, and easy to read screen
1	Cost
1	Ease of use, features, cheap storage
0	gets warm when using, no built in belt clip
1	customer service accessible and helpful
1	Small enough to take everywhere, Easy to upload to any platform. 
1	quality, capacity, versatability
1	Cheap, good picture quality, zoom
1	light, portable
1	Small and easy to use
0	Expensive ink, slow photo printing, requires Epson paper
0	Looks awful on the inside
1	adequate print quality
0	Still too many features for me
1	Compact, great pictures, cheap
0	Grainy pictures and poor focus
1	Very crisp text printing. Vibrant Color Usage. Photo Printing is exceptional.
1	Reliable and inexpensive
1	the menu directory was easy to use and the internal light was bright
0	Poor interface
1	Features galore, Customisability, Excellent Battery Life.
1	Easy to operate.
0	Few manual adjustments; dorky look and feel; bad ergonomics, especially for lefties
1	Low cost, good battery life, easy to use
0	Seems to get warm after 20 min of talk time
1	Excellent images, great battery life, fast Lens, start-up/cycle/shutter lag times, night-low light capabilities, and price.
1	walkie talkie service
1	Hey NICE printer
0	Supplied memory not enough
0	small ink cartridges, bloated software
1	Inkwells refill easily.
1	small, lightweight, easy to stroll and pack into trunk
0	slow color
0	NONE =}
1	Simple Copy button (in theory).  That is about it
1	Its a fast, all in one printer. Good quality
1	Great Picture Quality, Superb Value, Easy to Use
1	Ease of use, quality of pictures and everything else.
0	Can be a little slow when put into &amp;quot;Best&amp;quot; mode
1	Worked good on old Win98 PC
0	can eliminate all shots if not careful with erase
1	Great quality no-nonsense phone.
0	Taking a $500 camera out with me makes me a tad nervouse...
0	no camera, scratch prone
1	This camera is very easy to use. This is a pleasure. 
0	battery life, text message and/or web access requirement for downloading ring tones
1	Print Quality, Color Printing
0	Comes with only a 4 MB Memory Stick, No viewfinder (only a 2&amp;quot; LCD screen) 
1	Excellent features for the price, 6x optical zoom, Movie maker with sound.
1	Great resolution, decent zoom
0	The camera kept breaking.
0	no strap to carry with
1	Excellent quality on color and black ink.
1	compact size, durable
1	Integrated lens cover protects and can't get lost
1	Touch Pad Navigation, Larger Screen, Good Camera, Fun Music Player, Advanced Bluetooth, Fun Phone.
0	Battery life could be better
1	great results, like a real SLR, USB interface, fast response time
1	Price and Quality
1	Its Color
0	Poor reception in many areas
1	Looks very good with its compact size and cute design
1	Can't tell whether the photo is from Target or from the C62.
0	bulky, small memory card, succeptable to shake, heavy chromatic abberration,
0	None!
1	All around versatile printer and, smart media card input.
0	Signal Loss sometimes, a little heavy and thick
1	WEB CAPABILITY,TIP FIGURING, CALCULATOR
0	Expensive, a bit bulky and heavy.
1	Good form; light; good picture quality
1	Crystal Clear LCD, Decent battery life, AWESOME pics, affordable, ergonomic
1	Auto hands free is great, price is right
1	sturdy, sharp bright colors, inexpensive
0	Short battery life, small included memory stick, and not the greatest Sony lens.
1	6x optical zoom, manual focus, 3.3 megapixel superCCD sensor, lcd screen
1	Blue backlighting, space between keys, cool looking
0	Price!
0	Sub-par vibration mode, confusing menus and lack of ringing choices
1	sleek, sexy design, fits in most tight places, camera, bluetooth, mp3 capabilities
1	A great all in one machine for the small office!!
1	DOES PRODUCE AND DUPLICATE
1	Voice dialing, answering machine, scheduler, small, email send/receive, highly viewable day&night, tri-mode, good clarity
1	See Opinion
1	crisp, clean, perfect images, lots of new features
1	Reliability, color, dpi
1	quality of build,solid,weighty,positive action of controls
1	Interchangable front and back covers. Long Battery life, Games.
0	Not for professional photography, Somewhat bulky, 
0	short battery life
0	VERY low resolution.  Will not take good enough pics for eBay or email
0	Battery Life Low, Buttons Small
0	i dont think any
0	Doesn't connect to your PC without another $50 purchase.
1	Speaker Phone, Has a nice feel
1	Small, lightweight
0	USB install must be done in sequence, not plug and play 
1	Very east to use, great price, decent scan speed/quality.
0	Can only load one piece at a time in manual loader
0	Battery life, a bit complicated to program
0	slow, not recommended for bulk printing jobs or high end work
1	Good clear photos, easy installation and use with included software. 
0	Shutter lag is noticeable. No way to put protective filter on without attachment
1	Excellent quality, lots of features, mini movie with sound
0	Autofocus isn't always on target, AVI's are good but do you really need them?
0	Battery hog in some modes
0	the included battery, but they give you a better one anyway
0	Larger model
1	none
1	High res, excellent pics, movie mode w/ audio, TONS of features.
0	cost
0	No storage, not good in the snow, tricky to fold
1	Fast, Excellent Quality, Space Saving
0	The service is not great.
0	Battery life when using LCD, no zoom
0	Very Big, Only Comes w/ One Battery
0	Drop calls,bad design, numbers get lost in it
0	eats batteries.
1	Great Quality can print up to 16.5 by 21.5
1	Compact, Very High Optical Quality
0	Slow shutter speed, bad low light conditions.
1	None
1	Great photos, cool features, easy to use, very versatile
1	Great feature set.
1	Clear, crisp prints at an affordable price
0	None.
1	Picture quality is excellent; remote is a must
1	great deal for money
1	Easy to use,  Great looking photos
1	Cool looking, even when it doesn't work
0	NONE 
1	Great size, great design, good reception
0	Bad reception, flimsy antenna, battery life so-so.
0	noisy, slow, expensive, print heads only available online
0	inability to increase RAM
1	Excellent reliability, a workhorse
1	Small, Easy To Use, Lots of Features
1	Excellent quality, Ease of Use
1	Nice to look at, nice to hold. Cutting edge, cool factor. Nice large display.
1	10 PPM black, very versitile, simple interface, very easy to use, rather small, 11x14 paper printing
0	autofocus in low lite situations, red eye reduction not optimal,better picture organizing software needed
1	Clear Signal, WAP enabled, phonebook size, size
1	Great printer for low price , great quality printouts
0	Bulky, expensive
0	Warranty troubles, Slow startup time, annoying "mavica disc recommended" message, not an action camera
0	Cannot accept alkaline batteries, small included memory card.
0	Size, weight, 2X zoom, must use rechargeable batteries
1	LCD Monitor,Resolution,Price
1	Cheap, easy to use, good output, great software, cheap ink refills
0	ALL depends on what software you are using
1	2.1 Mexapixel resolution, 1.8" LCD, 2.5x digital zoom
1	Very Comfortable to use
1	Good customer service; cheaper than a polyester suit
1	Good speaker volume.
1	Up to 100 pictures per memory card., No more film developing!
0	Heads clog easily and print cartridges cost a fortune.
1	Cheap
1	Low, low price, easy setup
0	Heavy battery consumption on some features
1	Takes 100 pictures
1	Simply gorgeous borderless photos
1	Value, preset modes, probable battery life, 10x optical zoom, printed results
0	Icon interface takes some getting used to.
0	No Peripherals Available, Relatively Big
0	Speakerphone doesn't turn off when you close the flip;
0	small memory stick, needs ring light for macro subjects
1	See Review
1	Contains fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one, therefore takes up little space.
0	Few.  Battery life is good, but a daily charge is needed.
1	User-friendly, easy transition between functions, super color copies
0	Took a little longer to install
1	Light weight = high speed!
0	Not Very Many
0	Wireless web button is easy to bump
1	Nice small size for carrying.  Good pictures.  Very easy to use.  
1	Easy install, prints gorgeous photos, text on plain paper quite crisp. 
1	Very Compact, Flip Design protects face& keys. Price is right.
0	Uses a lot of computer resources, photos require tweaking for best quality
1	Price, Quality, Value, Ease of Use
0	Keys can be hard to punch.  No "normal" rings.
0	Charging defect, counter-intuitive interface.
1	Kodak name
0	Slow shutter, I could use a longer optical zoom
1	Easy to use, incredible macro, built in lens cover
1	Price, Refillable?
1	OUTSTANDING resolution; ease of operation, light weight (compared to others)
1	color LCD preview screen, records to standard floppy disks, shot-steadying feature, video recording capabilities
0	Larger than newer digital cameras of comparable price and image quality
0	Too pricy
0	difficult to learn
0	don't know when you will run out of ink!
0	&amp;#149; May wreak havoc on your system if you own a PDA.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#149; Communication problems.
1	Compact, Solid, Great photo Quality, Ease of use
1	Small, lightweight, digital
1	VERY SMALL, GOOD PICTURE QUALITY, WATERPROOF PICTURES, TEAR FREE PICTURES
0	Has lots of features, but there could be more
0	Shop around for a deal, it's probably slightly expensive! Worth the buy!
0	can't think of any except eats batteries but I think all digital cameras do that. 
0	Picture quality is bad
1	Disk memory, battery, ease of use, picture quality
0	Includes only 8Mb card. Too many features.
1	Extremely fast TEXT printing; Separate Less Expensive Ink Cartridges; Completely closes when not in use
0	ink is a little expensive unless you shop around
1	Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
0	Expensive and can get a bit complicated if you are fairly new shooter.
0	Photo printing not overwhelming
0	Call time does not automatically display
1	Speed and image quality
1	Inexpensive~~easy to use
1	Small size, light weight, bluetooth, WAP, POP3, GPRS, and on and on and on...
0	Average color printing quality
1	Features, ease of use and computer interface method
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
1	Excellent brand--printing always comes out legible.
1	Great print quality at a very reasonable price
0	Ink is expensive
0	Image noise
1	thru the lens viewer, can use floppy
1	Inexpensive. Easy to use. Good software included. Long Battery Life. Decent Images.
1	Lightweight, stylish, detachable faceplate, easy to read menus
1	Compact , fits in a pocket , durable , easy to use
0	Heavy on right side because of the batteries, have to look for off/on button
1	Tiny, Light, Customizable ringtones, Ease of use
1	design, options
1	Awesome prints, photo process quality, has color &amp; b/w at the same time.
1	Like I said before .. It prints great
1	Easy usage
0	A little hard to maneuver in tight spaces.
1	price, ease of operation, resolution
1	sometimes makes calls
0	Weight with Rechargeable Batteries
1	Outstanding images, F-series quality
1	Sturdy, easy to steer &amp; clean, trendy, light
1	great images, speed, easy faxing
1	Very Cheap and easy to use.
1	Very small.... pocket size, Takes great pictures at shorter distances, Great software package
0	User manual,software kind of plain.
1	Features, Design, Look, Size, Durable, Antenna, Cost for features.
0	Hard to read display
0	Cannot upload ringtones or graphics - They must be bought. Awkward power connector.
0	Honestly, NONE!
0	Binding swivel wheels. Poor, flexing frame design. Short-average height parents ONLY!
0	limited service coverage area.
1	Compact, Easy to use, Canon
0	weak ringtone , poor handfree & keypad & radio
0	Ink cartridges small and slightly expensive.
0	It seem to use up the black ink a little fast.
1	Pushes easy,lets your child have a choice,use from birth until 5years old.
1	Affordable, Reliable
0	low speaker volume, relatively small display for internet phone
1	takes great pictures with no learning curve
1	Lightweight,Easy to use,Great images
0	haven't found any yet!
1	great looking documents, easy to use scanner
0	inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
1	Easy to use, 3 1/2" Floppy compatibility.
0	some manual functions, battery life
0	Seems to slow
0	harder to find the ink at stores
1	Inexpensive, Small Footprint, Quiet, Fast and Crisp printing.
0	Doesn't come with a case.
1	Feature rich, small enough to fit in a pocket; can be used internationally.
0	None.
0	LCD difficult to use in sunlight, confusing interface, sucks batteries dry very quickly, minor design flaws
1	Light weight, easy to handle, low cost
0	Manual flash, location of screen on back.
0	Small front screen, buttons a little close but still perfectly usable.  Not yet sentient.
0	No cable (parallel or USB)
0	Big Footprint, no cable included
0	No storage.
0	Battery life, no repetitive snapshots
1	ease-of-use, stores images on floppies
0	Drivers conflict with Internet, Fax Option Dropped
1	Cheap camera with LCD
0	Green LEDs, Cost cutting, Poor quality, wish ringers were louder
1	Ease of use, quality for price, Well balanced
1	Voice quality, FM radio, loudspeaker, text message keyboard
0	Slow
0	not compatible with XP
1	Compact, LOTS of features, good sized screen, Good Clarity. Voice Activated
1	Small in size, great picture taking ability
1	Everything at your fingertips
1	Everything
1	Extremely capable camera with ease of use for the average user and the experienced professional.
0	Complicated settings and long downloads
1	easy to use
1	Good printing quality. Low cost.
0	The looks, Memory card too small, no Diopter!
1	Lots of Value for the Price! Zoom, Charger, Smartcard all come with Camera!
1	Reasonable price for a color inkjet
0	No zoom, eats up standard batteries, LCD hard to see outside.
0	Proprietary memory , proprietary battery, slightly hard to press shutter release, low-powered flash
0	paper feed
1	Tiny (stealth), high-quality photos.
0	I don't see any but some may say the print speeds.
1	Highest Speed and Quality, Phenominal Prints, Exceptionally Low Cost
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, sturdy, looks great
0	Unable to control shutter or aperture priority
0	Weak flash, mediocre battery life, no provision for add on lenses or filters 
1	picture quality, 6x optical zoom, size
0	A little slow, but it doesn't matter
1	Perfect screen, great ringers, attractive look, small, easy to use, MANY GREAT AND USEFUL OPTIONS.
1	looks sharp, has a pretty blue color
0	None
1	Mobile text messaging, Internet browser.
1	Great for small workgroups. Quiet; prints quickly; few paper jams; sharp, clear printouts.
1	Looks cool, nice display (when it's working), fairly easy to use
0	No menu system- confusing to use
1	Sturdy seats may face forward, backward,or toward each other; 5-point harness; easy brake; maneuverability
1	Outstanding Photos, High Resolution for Price
1	Light, durable, and cute in a silly way.
1	Beautiful photos, easy to use, great exposure modes, spot meter!
0	Poor photo printing. Jams with envelopes. Ink dries slowly. 
1	Easy to use, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy discs
0	skips when printing
1	Good Picture Quality, Simple and Easy to Use, Tough and Priced Right.
0	Battery Life is so so, Size of supplied flash card.
0	durability/size
1	Familiar software interface
0	2x zoom, expensive, a bit slow
0	Can't stop taking pictures I'm hooked :)
1	easy to use
0	image quality is less than perfect
0	bulky but is expected since it's a scanner to
1	Extremely fast paper feeding system, individual ink cartridges, PHOTO QUALITY, auto shut off
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
1	Quickly prints up beautifully crisp color and black and white documents
0	Phone is expensive without purchase of a phone plan
0	software glitch, no filter threads, quick power save, short battery life
0	Sluggishness, inadequate service, lousy flash, short battery life
0	Something is up with the batteries?
1	Easy to use, takes good pictures
0	Too small, hard to tell if camera responds.
0	Worst operating cost of any printer on the market: #15 cartridge is a scam #45.
1	This camera is easy to use. Batteries last a long time
0	Placement of outside buttons; Charging platform is awkward
0	Large battery...poor construction.
0	uses lots of ink
0	not great picture, not great price
0	Battery life isn't as advertised
0	Inferior sound quality.
0	no camera bag included
1	Inexpensive, Quick, Easy to use, Good Functionality, Easy to replace ink
1	Decent phone, convenient service with no monthly bill
1	Cheap thrills, small size
0	everything
0	None
0	Very Expensive Ink Cartilage, Very Slow
0	Low light capability
0	weak battery, cheap construction, typical flip phone woes.
1	no contracts, no monthy bills, you only use what you pay for.
1	1.8" LCD; inexpensive; video output to TV
0	No big frills, not completely user friendly
0	ear piece
0	AC power and camera bag need to be purchased separately, too much camera for the casual user
1	Cool features.
1	Shell design, vibrant screen, Bluetooth, camera, Swiss-Army like features.
1	Size, Features, Durable, Speakerphone, Java enabled, Mixed Vibrate/Ring Mode
0	Pricey. Battery Life is weak.
1	Joy stick control, voice dailing, good customer service
1	fast, accurate, and clean!
1	Very comfy for a toddler/infant combo.
1	Many features, Easy to use!
0	isn't voice activated, maybe a little heavy compared to newer phones
0	Doesn't have the digital card I would have liked.
0	Manual doesn't give needed info on using the MP3 player.
1	Attractive look, small, external screen
0	Slow Autofocus
1	Small, lightweight, T9 text input
1	More styling then 5160, &amp; has T-9 Predictive Text Capability
0	None if you have space for one!
0	Haven't found one yet!
0	paper feed
1	great pictures
0	Key lock, battery life
1	Cheap, comfortable and compact
1	Good Printquality, Easy Setup, speed
0	poor battery life,small memory card
0	limited time for downloads and Sprint customer service
1	World phone / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic Design!
0	Long delay between shots. Viewing screen can be difficult to see in bright light.
1	Easy to use, sharp photos and good color rendering
0	poor paper transport
0	Ink cartridges smaller, but still pricey. Slightly flimsy.
0	None.. at all
0	is an older model so it lacks certain features
0	can't hear it ring, small font, menu clumsy
1	inexpensive, easy to use
1	Sleekness, Color Screen, Camera, Internet Enabled, Bluetooth Technology
1	Great quality printing
0	uses batteries way tooooooo fast
0	No included AC adapter, low optical zoom, weak action shots
0	Short battery life
0	Ink Cartridge Price.
0	Supplied battery doesn't last very long without a charge.
0	price can be high
0	Color Prints
1	High Quality, Smooth Ride, Washable, Comfortable
0	Cartridge cost
0	no email, slider takes getting used to
0	Uploading hassle. &amp;quot;Techy&amp;quot; manual and not so easy to use.
1	Very fast, sharp image, nice dpi
1	Quick, fast operation and easy to use.
0	Serial-only PC connection, blocky design sometimes hard to handle, FORGET about using it in sunlight.
1	Good Quality, Great Price, Fast Printing!
1	Lightweight. Compact. Fast.
0	Battery, battery, battery.
0	problems with paper jams and paper feeding
0	A little too much noise
0	Battery life short for today's standards
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Great quality, accepts a variety of paper types
0	battery life
0	No zoom, LCD gets in way of left hand
1	Clear Shots
0	no vibrating alert, quiet alerts are still loud, just a tad bit too long
0	Can't dock it to a Mac.
1	Comfortable to hold, easy to use, very good camera for a phone, and full'a features.
0	Very Poor battery life in analog areas.
1	Small and does it all for less $$
1	Very light, shoulder strap for carrying, the bar detaches for toddlers, easy to fold/unfold
1	Full features of most SLR's.  External flash option
0	Photo quality not that much better than original
1	Compact, elegant design; easy to setup and operate; good print quality
1	Takes GREAT pictures, easy to use
1	Great Camera: very reliable and easy to use.  Works with all computers even macs.
1	Carriage style for baby and Stroller style for toddler, comfortable
1	Phone was of average quality.
1	Great color Phone, Great OS, Triband, GPRS, T68i updateable - Picture phonebook, MMS,
0	None.
0	Diopter could use a wider range of adjustment.
0	LOOOOOOOOONG download time.  Very poor color and grainy.  
0	Scratches easily, small keys, ring not loud enough, erasure of text messages
1	Speakerphone
0	Delay in taking the picture after the shutter release is pressed.
0	No external caller id, No speakerphone
0	Full page text (BxW or color)or photos print much slower than the specifications indicate. 
0	the strap was a pain to put on.
1	Price and simplicity
0	When using monitor battery lasts very short
0	Misses many SMS messages.  Inaudible alert tone.  Poor S.E. Michigan web coverage.
1	Compact Size, Zoom, small memory card, nice and clear images
0	too easy 
1	Easy of Use, Weight, Quality of Photo's
0	no bluetooth
0	Only comes with 8 MB flash memory card
1	Excellent Images.  Movie Mode! Lots of adjustment options.  Long battery life.
0	Lacks LCD screen. Only holds two cartridges at a time, so no seven-ink prints.
1	great pictures, sleek looking, lots of features, inexpensive
0	Sliding Keypad Cover could break easy
1	Small package delivers great performance
1	Holds up to ALOT!
1	good cheap stroller
0	print speed cost of replacement cartridges
0	You do get what you pay for. Feel like a dentist? Extract paper...
1	Fast, good quality
1	Good Quality Fast Easy to use
0	Somewhat heavy, lots of unwanted features
1	Easy and light to lift
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
1	attractive, large bonnet; comfortable
0	short battery lifespan.
1	Built-in One-Touch Upload button; Inner-swivel lens;  affordable price, 15-minute movie recording
0	not as nifty as it may believe!!
1	Phone, MP3, FM radio in one&#13;&#10;QUERTY keyboard&#13;&#10;Can serve as 60MB USB drive
0	A little more pricey than some printers, but well worth it.
0	Unable to cancel jobs already in-progress.  Long spool time for images.
0	Can't find a good headset
0	Delicate antenna
0	A little on the high side
1	Picture Quality, speed
0	Auto focus sometimes gets confused
0	supplied memory stick should be a 16 mb not a 4mb
1	$, quality, functionality, durability
0	Poor Image Size &amp;amp; Quality, Featureless
0	No major cons.
1	Lightweight and compact
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
0	Dropping features unexpectedly and permanently. I take very good care of my phone.
0	Difficult to support on an enterprise level.
1	Good quality images, TIFF format, Bright LCD screen
0	Battery life only about 1.5hrs. 8mb mem card is just about useless.
0	Several...
1	Unique design.  High quality of image.  Expandable memory stick.
1	inexpensive, easy to use, reliable
1	Great speed, quality, PRICE, and durability. HP has thought of every aspect of photo printing and put it into this printer that can even stand alone w/o a PC attachment!
1	Great speed and price
0	Some quirks to the low-battery indication.  
1	Color Copying quality and options&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Color Printing quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	No roaming information, great tunes don't go in alarm clock
0	The car base is extra big to put in the middle seat of our volvo.
1	Cheap
1	Small lightweight, and easy... oh so easy to use!
1	size and easy to use
1	10-20x zoom is AWESOME
0	Lens cap loose, requires lens extension for add ons, view finder poor at night 
1	Small, lightweight, focuses in low light, bright LCD with zoom preview, excellent pictures, price.
0	People will want to borrow it from you.
0	No carrying case, battery can drain quickly
0	Text output not so good
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	A breeze to set up.  I followed the directions exactly and no problems at all.
1	full recline in a lightweight (10 lbs) stroller, perfect match system, one-hand fold
0	Not a 'pub' phone.
1	Ease of use
0	Heavy, Digital Camera quality not as expected
1	ease of setup, use, very good quality
1	Small footprint, built-in speakerphone, GPRS, polyphonic ringtones, easy-to-see screen, Java, long battery life
0	Nothing worked right
1	ease of use
0	Ink Cartridge costs
0	Price, Bulky
0	Unable to download ringers or games.  Moderately high price.
1	Outstanding photo quality.Good software
0	Doesn't have an 'ignore call' feature
0	A nuisance aligning the ink cartridges
1	Docking Station, Video with Sound, USB, Can add lenses, Easy to use buttons
1	Fast , cheap, easy to use, Exceptional color quality
0	a little noisy
0	cheap flimsy plastic, battery life sucks!!,screen keeps freezing up!!!
1	Too Many to List
1	Battery Life&#13;&#10;Small Size&#13;&#10;Large Display&#13;&#10;4 Digit Call
0	ringers ringers ringers.  not loud enough and crappy selection. menus are not straight forward
1	 Very good quality, strong, good looking
0	Voracious appetite for batteries
0	annoying rings and it's flimsy
0	Overkill for the beginner.  Memory and batteries a must.
1	Easy to use and understand
0	Questions about sturdiness
0	Basket is hard to reach when car seat is attached
0	slow for photos, expensive ink costs, loud
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
0	the basket in the bottom of the stroller will tear if packed to much
0	sometimes slow, camera button is annoying, voice dialing doesn't always work
1	Long Battery Life, Large Display, Digital/Data Compatible
0	not that expensive
0	Breaks up or hangs up pretty often
1	Great camera, very stable, crazy features.
1	Price, lightweight &amp; compact, accurate color rendering, easy to configure, prints iron-on transfers
0	Inexpensive  :o)
1	High-quality movies, long battery life, easy-to-use MP3 controls
1	Loads of functions and effects, All you need from a camera for a beginners price
1	Prints Fast, resolution is nice
0	manuals
0	Lousy Battery Life and not recommended for it's unreliability!
0	none yet
1	Does great black &amp;amp; white prints
1	Feature packed, Outshines Sony &amp; Canon!
0	poor battery life,no download ringtones, games, flimsy flip part
0	No sheet feeder for multipage fax. Scanner light stays on for a long time.
0	Fiddly menus
0	no color screen, not too many features,(but I am not interested) not made anymore,
1	Nice photographs
0	easy to put fingerprints on lens, you have to flip the lens everytime.
1	QWERTY keyboard, neat design
0	Steep learning curve
0	Wish it had a lens cap.
0	expensive ink, poor quality, no solutions in "Solution Center"
1	design
1	Great pictures
1	Great technical specifications.
0	Text not perfect, speed not fast
0	Seems to break easily
1	picture quality, convenient to use, price
1	It prints beautiful borderless photos up to 13 x 19 inches!
1	Colourful, Compact Phone.
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
1	Compact in size, easy to use, very versatile, wonderful pictures.
1	Good pics,price and easy to use.
1	A very classy and high performing phone
0	Telecom: alerting the user [More details in Body]
1	Very light, portable, simple to operate
0	battery consumption
0	none
0	None!
1	compact, good screen, batt life, etc etc
0	poor battery life and difficult user interface
1	Speed, Resolution
0	Customer service, warranty in the gray area
0	ink vanishes, poor support, noisy, cheap for a reason
1	small, light and very versatile phone with great sound and functionality.
1	Solid construction, color screen, flat profile, tons of available software.  Fantastic Outlook sync. Speakerphone!
0	too much money
0	No lens cover, takes time to snap pics, slow data x-fer
1	Ease of Use, Hip Styling, Features
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	It just does not work properly.
0	NO USB port.  TERRIBLE Sprint/Kyocera service to fix major bug.
1	Print and scan quality; integration
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function screen
0	4 Mb memory stick is too small
1	Easy to set-up, and a breeze to use
0	Screen a bit difficult to view in bright light
0	Flimsy Durability
0	Small internal memory, included software not anything great
0	Expensive ink ($60 for both cartridges), Noisy, Cheap construction, Wastes ink
0	No removable flash card.
1	Fast printing, Excellent quality, Quiet and Great Price
0	Accompanying software is too simple.  All you need is Adobe Photoshop.
0	a little on the expensive side
1	Compact,flexible,easy to use, great macro shots, cheap
1	Ericsson has good service centers.
0	Camera is slow, batteries rattle and delete settings, uses batteries up VERY fast.
0	The quality is terrible and it's a waste of money. 
0	Short battery life, LED almost useless outdoors
0	side buttons, shiny phone surface loves smears, video records nothing
1	Small enough to fit in a pocket, but not so small that it's easily broken.
0	None yet
1	Easy to use
0	Takes up a lot of space on my desk.
0	Weak battery, bad reception, LCD screen goes bad
0	Battery life not quite what is advertised. Antenna seems flimsy.
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	Super small size, easy to use, practical
1	Everything
0	buttons small,yellow backlight, no web browser, only one number under each name in phone book
1	Functions very well as a webcam, good storage capacity
1	price, weight, battery life
0	None
0	Expensive for something that's outgrown after 1 year
0	No adjustable image quality settings (heavy image compression).  No wrist strap in box. 
0	VERY Poor Signal Strength, Cost
1	features, rugged, price, quality construction
1	lots of pages per minute with windows 2000
1	Web Browsing, easy texting and emailing.
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
1	superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II cards
1	Ease of use, floppy disk driven
0	A lot of programing bugs. Tones a very quiet.
0	durability of sliding cover
0	Not cheap, slow with graphics, occassionally jams
1	Excellent pics, extremely easy to use.
1	Attractive, light, long battery life
0	Noisy, a little hard to install
0	MANY DIFFERENT SETTINGS. PUT AWAY FOR A WHILE AND YOU FORGET HOW TO USE IT.
0	current digital voice quality sucks
1	Ink is in separate cartridges, fast dry time, smudgeproof
0	Poor battery life, confusing usability
1	Ease of use
1	Autonomous mode, high quality of prints (even on a usual paper), two-sided printing
1	Nice looks, lots of features, camera/flash a big plus, nice ringers, easy to use.
1	Print quality, ease of use, ink cartridge life, legal size paper capability.
1	Small size
1	Beautiful pictures, economical, a company that I trust
0	Software Freeze up
0	No lens cover, red-eye
0	No flash, no viewfinder!
1	Affordable &amp; Easy to use.  I still recommend two years later.
1	Compact and solid design&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Impressive image contrast
1	Price, ease of use
0	Slow, Big, Low Quality prints
0	On the high-end of price for a home printer.
0	Battery use is a little much - perhaps no more than most digital cameras.
1	Super Stylish, Cool metallic finish, Great features
1	easy to use, several features, AA battery operated
1	Small, Good Signal
1	Very sturdy, colorful and nice ringtones, modestly priced and good battery life
1	Easy to understand
1	Easy to Use, Analog Zoom, Small enough to fit in top pocket
0	Sucks batteries like there's no tomorrow
1	Uses 2 standard AA Batteries. High quality photos and good zoom.
0	Can be frustrating at times
1	Small, quick, easy to use.
0	user friendly???
1	Very Quiet and Very Fast
0	- none
0	Awkward, complicated interface
0	Fat antenna, side buttons beep when anything hits them, spastic vibrate mode.
0	bulky and expensive
1	Color Screen, Bluetooth, IrDA, Weight, Looks
1	Light, Well Equipped, Good-Looking, Reliable, Superior Battery, Good Signal
0	extremely poor images
1	Size, build quality, battery life, LCD features, clarity!
1	Simple interface for common tasks, good battery life and signal acquisition
0	Slow recording on floppy, focus control, red-eye reduction, cost
0	goes though batteries
1	easy to configure
1	lower light (1.8f), excellent pictures
0	Each Color is Individual
0	none that I can recall
1	small, compact and comfortable.  Good reception where I am
1	Records on mini disk, good battery life, great extensive features
1	Ummm...I guess it didn't burn my books and try to make me help take over the world
1	LOADED with many pleasing features AND it's BEAUTIFUL!
0	Bulky for a newer cell phone, durability average
0	Diskette storage can only handle a few pics/disc in hi-res mode.
1	Great durability, good features for the price
0	Use of zoom lens creates photos that are less than sharp
1	1 Device for everything
1	Easy to use, 3.5&amp;quot; disk solution
0	Power button, minor software glitches, needs a bit more earpiece volume
0	Installation and software CD.
0	no WinME drivers, problems in photoshop colors
1	small size, very cool-looking, excellent menu system and user interface, awesome battery life, voice-activated dialing
1	Bigtime memory, high resolution, clean clear pictures, oodles of features
1	Sleek, Compact, many features.
0	small keypad
0	a little big, but i carry it in my pocket anyway.
0	Soft ringer, cannot ring and vibrate simultaneously
0	Serial cable only (No USB capabilities), Slow Uploading time.
0	Big, sometimes heavy, battery eater, quicktime video clips with no sound...
1	Manual/auto modes, macro, 2X zoom, very easy to handle as it's light and fits hand well.
1	GREAT QUALITY/BATTERY/EXTRA'S
1	USB, 3 megapixels, slot for 340mb drive
1	Quick Printing, decent quality but excellent quality for price.
1	Reasonable price, quick, quiet
1	call quality; reception; speakerphone; screen; aestestic; battery life; durability; build; keypad; overall user experience
1	compact, easy to set up, USB interface, good print quality
0	removed solitare:)
1	Very easy to use
1	I wouldn't be without this printer
1	Speaker Phone, Color Screen, Size, Signal Strength
1	High resolution, compact, versatile, many features
0	can have problems
1	Seems well built
0	Can only purchase accessories from ATT
0	Talk time, display
1	Good for business man
0	shutter delay, no USB connector
0	Very slow if used on older computer, very loud paper loading.
1	Great Reception, Nokia quality, great battery, e-mail & aim capable
0	Eats Batteries if you use the rear viewer a lot.
1	fast, reliable, ink-efficient, compact, high quality image
0	LCD Display is weak at best, menu navigation is poorly designed, Volume.
0	no voice dialing, poor screen, buttons
1	ease of handling, good picture quality
1	USB or Parallel connections, good print quality
0	not great for indoor shooting, a starter camera in some ways
0	legal copies
1	high quality images, ease of use, built in ethernet
0	Cost, Performance, and Quality
0	This printer is a little slow and also be noisy.
0	No optical zoom. Beeping cannot be disabled.
1	Extensive list of functions to satisfy every enthusiast, great picture quality
0	I didn't find any.
0	Only works with Windows
1	IBM microdrive compatibility,standard form factor, high res
1	lots
0	Ringer doesn't go loud enough.
0	the plastic screen is easy to be broken
1	Full QWERTY keyboard, index finger typing, candy bar design flips open, Bluetooth.
0	Sometimes is very sensitive to mixed light conditions
0	Sub-par plain paper printing, bleeding text
0	They are bulky
0	slow, response time is slow
1	High quality images, Size, ease of use
1	Can use it anywhere nation-wide with clarity
0	wish i bought it sooner
1	Compact, lightweight, and extremely cool
0	TENDS TO JAM; A BIT SLOW AS QUALITY INCREASES
1	Good pictures. Nice feel and design.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Great resolution, zoom feature, usb
0	Size
0	Big, heavy...somewhat complicated when using advanced features...Problems with battery life and focus. 
0	Battery life could be better, costs a little more than others
0	slow, moderate learning curve
1	flexibility, easy use
0	Only so-so image quality at best.
1	Small, swivel lens.
1	No Attenna, Small/Lightweight, Good Signal Reception, Fits Anywhere!
0	Need USB filter driver &amp;amp; printer driver right away.
1	Cute! Easy to talk on. Clearer than most other phones. Great phone for your money!
0	expensive small size cart.
1	good picture quality, easy to use, excellent in low light and action
1	low maintenance cost
1	I love this entry level digital camera. The pictures are noticeably sharper than the Olympus d-340r (the next camera in its class). My best advice is if you want an entry level digital camera like I did, buy this one. If you want to spend more, buy a more 
1	Fast printing Balck and Color alike; Lots of options; Great Camera Prints
1	great camera for beginners, easy to use, USB, inexpensive
0	Buy an extra battery and keep it charged.
0	It's not supposed to be a shredder
1	MP3, Radio, Accessories, QWERTY keyboard, no antenna
0	Unreliable, is not compatible with many software programs 
0	none so far...
1	easy to use. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder in one device.
1	Open with one hand, big display, ringers
0	no lens cover, have to buy lots of accessories to get up to speed
1	Just what you'd expect/hope.  Features are solid.
0	movies need lots of light
1	Small form-factor
1	cheap price, quiet, easy to use, solid!
0	somewhat small, odd shape to handle
1	Kicky design, quality performance
0	Not very good range of clear speech.
1	Exceptional Features. Light Weight. Ultra-cool blue screen.  Nice games.
0	odd shape and size of phone
1	Small, nice quality
0	It is hard to fold.
0	USB Cable not included
1	The speaker phone is amazing in reach and clarity, excellent web browsing.
1	Nice Price
0	Bulky
0	Fragile
1	Folds compact,stands upright,lightweight,contemporary black licorice color
0	software could be improved
1	Style and ease of use, when it works.
0	no movie mode
1	Picture quality, Ease of use, good looking
0	no USB
0	EVERYTHING!
0	no storage area
0	Technology changes
1	Very durable. Stands up to abuse
1	great color, great sound
0	Not much zoom, picture software is very basic
0	Not that reliable
1	easy to fold, light, convenient, sturdy
1	Excellent picture quality, easy to use
0	Needs TLC and a great deal of prayer to work at all. 
1	The LCD display and key pad functionality are excellent.
0	none
1	Great features for price. Very easy to use.  Small and lightweight.
1	It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
0	There is no flash on the camera
0	No optical zoom, optical viewfinder only shows 80% of what you're shooting
0	Pictures are grainy, Mac sync is weak.
0	Nokia does not stand by their warranty.  The phone broke in five months.
1	Sadly, the most useful thing about this phone is the Tools functionality (Timer, Stopwatch, etc).
1	Great for the 1st three months. Very easy to use.
0	melodic ringers, battery life, lcd backlight not bright
0	Ink cartridges are expensive. Will not print banners.
1	Color screen. Nice basic accessories. Easy to navigate, and to spell out names. Fun games.
1	Quick printer that is compact
0	No WAP, high price.
1	Very Affordable , Reliable and Space Saver 
1	Great sound quality&#13;&#10;One-hand operation&#13;&#10;voice dialing&#13;&#10;one-touch headset compatible
1	comes with baterries/some assembly requierd
0	Battery. "Classic" ringers not available through Sprint. Vision not reliable.  Detailed manual not included.
1	Good feature list, RAW mode, flip-out LCD etc
1	Turns on a dime; opens with one hand; smooth ride for baby
1	Size, style, features
1	Excellent quality
1	compact and easy to carry
1	Another excellent Olympus digital camera, print feature a neat novelty.
1	10X optical Zoom Compact Full Featured, Easy to use Good Flash. Great Buy.
1	HP, Easy to use, reliable, expandable, two paper exit paths, envelope support
0	Must swap carts, a little slow on color printing
0	none that i noticed
1	A durable flip phone that resembles the Samsung 8500.
1	Very light weight, useful features, excellent quality.
1	Ease of use, additional software, packaged accessories
0	No standard ring, picture quality somewhat lacking, expensive.
0	Not the best display around, keep having to re-select dictionary in text messaging
0	Very little - handsfree attatchment is weak.
1	Inexpensive, Easy to Use, USB/PC Interface Quick and Easy
1	Great voice recognition, speakerphone, & functionality.
1	Speed, color
1	size, light weight, ergonomics
1	easy to use lighted round keypad, large screen, video recorder and camera, voice tag
0	not enough interchangeable face plates
1	No film, No film developing costs, convenience
0	Recharger and rechargable battery not included
1	Robust Design
1	Some what attractive design.
0	Poor quality, lousy battery life, malfunctions.
0	Bit pricey, only 2x optical zoom, only 2 mega pixal
0	It cost money to use it :)
0	Doesn't come with much; uses ink quickly; a little slow.
1	tiny (fits in my handbag!), great quality, range of options&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Price will probably come down
1	Duplex printing, dual connecting capability
0	USB kit separate for $60, only for Apple
1	4 Megapixel, Lightweight, versatile, rich colors, sharp lens, accessories, pro-sumer oriented, rechargeable Li-ion battery
1	Fantastic lens, easy to get to manual operation
1	Nice design, all metal casing
0	None.
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	Cute and small, Number storage, dual mode, minibrowser, price went down a lot.
1	Great price, beautiful quality
0	Heavy, Poor close range performance.
0	expensive, bulky, and heavy
1	Size (small)
1	Bluetooth, 1.2 megapixel camera, large clear display, MP3 player, Transflash data card
0	Mediocre interface, lacks new features
0	Small Standard Memory
1	fast, reliable, inexpensive
1	Stylish, able to customize to your taste, reception, Nokia quality.
1	solid construction,good zoom
0	low battery life, terrible volume, ringer sounds gross
0	Slippery Case, Poor Lens Cover Design,slow uploads
0	Small baskets.
1	Sturdy, dependable, and compact.  Easy to use and maintain.
0	CAMERA & MUSIC QUALITY COULD BE A BIT BETTER.
0	Not particularly attractive.
1	Small and very light.
0	none
1	Lightweight stroller.  Individually reclining seats.
1	Incredible Detail, Light, Nice Accessories, Ease of Use
1	Small and lightweight printer that produces astoundingly crisp text output
0	Tiny print on the instruction booklet
1	Hundreds of dollars cheaper than comparable digital cameras, 3.34 MP resolution, lots of manual options
0	None yet
1	Cute design, price.
0	Plastic body can break if dropped.  
1	duplex printing, sharp text, good graphics
1	Many options, paper handling, multi-platform.
0	Known issues with screen assembly in early builds of this model
1	I love the quality of this camera. 
1	Small, lightweight, wonderful resolution and color, full of features and options.
0	No color screen.
0	No rechargeable batteries/charger included, mediocre macro performance, average shutter lag/start-up/cycle times
1	Cheap
1	Lots of features and great flexibility
0	Horrible reception
0	Minor complaints regarding interface, on/off feature, aperture, sound, viewfinder
0	haven't found any yet.
1	Cool Features, Combined System, Nice holding.
1	light, small, great pictures, great zoom
1	USB, Picture Quality, ease of use, Software Bundle
0	Slow to Process, The paper does not feed well.
0	A twenty dollar camera sold for over three hundred.
0	A little trouble feeding envelopes
1	Cost, print quality, reliability
0	Body Glove cell case doesn't clip onto belt very well, Jabra plastic earpieces get lost easily
0	Poor, Horrible Quality
0	No spot focus, slow ISO 100 sensitivity, feels kind of cheap but isn't.
0	Non-Color
0	easy to brake, not childproof 
0	Expensive media, basic features, poor power supply
1	Screen, battery, sounds,
1	portability, ease of use, voice dial
0	heavy, handle can be awkward
0	high price, poor software
0	uses ink quick,kind of expensive
1	Marvelous 10x zooms lens in a tiny chassis that is easy to hold.
1	Small, take everywhere, easy to use, photo quality exceeds expectations.
1	Durable, Long Lasting!
1	small and very portable, vibration, ring tone composer
0	Lots.  Read review.
0	slow printing speed
1	Std batteries &amp; memory &amp; form factor. Easy to use, good automatic settings.
1	Great value, many features
1	Not a bad camera for the money, some features are nice.  Cute little phone.
1	Long lasting battery, speed dial, crisp screen
1	looks, size
0	It goes through batteries fast, especially with the LCD display on.
0	The ink lasts awhile, but it costs about 3 fingers and a toe.
1	Photo Quality, resolution, easy to use, SLR!!, Nikon Lenses, WOW!
1	Tiny, good pictures
1	Great Options 
1	Easy to use, good quality picture, zoom
0	Eats batteries at a tremendous rate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;slow shot to shot recovery
1	High quality images, optical zoom
0	printer extremely slow with Windows 98
1	Good camera, easy use menu, bright display, not too much else...
1	Great Photos either autofocus or manual/settings choices. Easy to navigate menu.
1	got it free from my dissatisfied sister in-law, now I see why she hated it.
0	Lack of manual functions, medium power flash, only 8 MB CF Card, price
1	Full of features, price is right, feels good in hand
0	Messed up shutter speed, no big memory supported, and it costs an arm and a leg for only 1.5MPs
0	Print quality of graphics not the brightest
1	Good features, cheaper than most cameras.
1	Easy to use,  takes great pics, lightweight
1	Six Megapixel Professional Digital SLR
0	No bluetooth, no pc connect, no foreign use, Verizon only.
0	no basket
0	color, flip(breaks easier)
1	easy to use, hangs on belt clip nicely
1	A great looking, feature filled phone.
0	could'nt find one
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
0	delicate,no case, no optical viewfinder
1	Compact
1	Perfect size, Features, Customizable, Battery, Reception
1	everything
0	A little noisy when it grabs a sheet of paper
1	Photo Quality , ease of use, features.
1	design, weight, reception
0	Large, paper feed problems
0	Flimsy design, no cable included
0	Speakerphone&#13;&#10;Voice Dialing
0	Can't enlarge pictures, no optical zoom
0	A little bit too bulky.
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
0	none
0	You get what you pay for
0	Our old face plates from our last Nokia do not fit our new one.
1	fast clear printing, easy to use
1	Small size, comfortable feel, "cool" design, easy-to-use interface.
0	No optical zoom
1	Very easy to use.
0	cannot control f-stop or shutter speed
0	Battery life is not that hot
1	instant gratification/excellent quality
1	Great quality photos!
1	small size, stylish, excellent outdoor photos, li-ion battery, 
0	simplistic functions, decently priced
1	Nice price, great phone book, good voice memo recorder, feature rich
1	Small, lightweight, 1.3 Megapixel, Mpeg mode
0	Hard to find accessories for this phone.  Battery life could be better.
0	uses a lot of batteries
0	price could be lower
1	inexpensive, quality picture in daylight, 2 megpixels, fast download
0	Battery meter; some slow inputs
1	picture quality, ease of use
1	Lightweight, compact umbrella folding, easy to maneuver, 
0	Slow Capture time! Slow flash recharge time, marginal software, and small viewer.
0	Footprint, Cost of  Replacement Ink Cartridge
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
0	Shutter release lag time, similar battery life to that of the Coolpix 995
0	It may require some saving to pay for it.
0	-limited storage, average camera performance, poor performance with alkaline
0	Takes too long between photos.  Better outdoors than indoors.
1	Image quality
1	Ease of use, clear &amp;amp; crisp pictures, LCD
0	Standard battery is horrible!
1	Long Battery Life, Great Clarity, Easy use of features, Voice Dial
1	Superlative Print Quality, quietness, speed, two-sided printing is fab
0	Only prints 4X6 prints.  No preview screen.
0	color, battery life, internet inavalability (might just be me though).
0	Plastic parts feel cheap and breakable. 
1	Wonderful quality, Inexpensive, Compact , , * Printer Software CD 
1	Very easy to use and not very complicated
0	Only one color &#13;&#10;No Speaker Phone
1	Speed, quality and print longevity is fantastic
0	upgraded ink cartridges can get expensive
1	Inexpensive Printer 
0	separate lens cap, slow shutter release in full automatic mode
1	Great quality images, very cheap for it's features and capabilities, takes videos.
0	Dropped calls, scheduler interface, headset port
0	Requires USB support, no USB cable supplied.
1	Compact, easy of use, sharp looks, durable
0	Low Budget Machine with Major Paper-Path Problems
1	-lightweight/compact; very easy to use;excellent photo results
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
1	Lively and pleasing colors, relative ease of use.
1	Light Weight, Menu, Color face plates
1	color inkjet, 1200x1200 dpi, only 40.00!
1	This is a really fantastic printer.  Quality of printing, ink usage, and features are great.
1	Separate ink tanks, USB or serial connectivity, good software to go with it.
0	Not extremely fast
1	Price, durability, quality.
0	Not high quality
1	Beautiful pictures, great battery, solid build, feature-packed, swivel LCD
0	On Off button, irritating tones
1	fast, standalone, powerful
1	Price and quality
1	5 Megapixel Images, Pro metering, NO SHUTTER LAG 
0	none
0	lengthy power-on activity, no open print-cartridge sensor
0	slow computer = slow uploading of images 
1	High Performance, Numerous Features, Ease of Use
1	Loaded With Features, Great Price, Intuitive, Good Quality
0	Hard on batteries
1	Beautiful, accurate color; fast
0	none!
1	Fits through doors, lightweight, easy to fold
1	Light for the quality
1	Small size, very good quality images, ease of use
1	Reliable, durable phone with no wasted frills.  Long battery life.
1	Easy to use, good price,  its a NIKON, excellent features
0	A little bit expensive, but worth the extra money
1	Caller ID, Alarm clock, Love the choice of face plates
0	LCD screen in dim light
1	cost, picture quality, numerous features (like flash options etc)
0	Relatively small keypad, backlight is kinda weird,   The fact that I have to give it back (boo hoo hoo)
0	None
0	buggy driver
1	Strong and durable
0	Quirky and slow when you need Simple and Fast
1	ergonomics, keypad feel, good reception, display is very good
1	easy to use, takes great point and shoot pictures, easy software installation and functionality, battery lasts long, good controls
1	easy to fold, sturdy, cup holders and carrier
1	Initial cost, print quality, print speed.
1	Zoom, Zoom Zoom!!!! Did I forget to mention the ZOOM!!!
1	color prints are amazing
1	Great reception, easy to use
0	Keypad is sensitive, so buttons may accidently get pushed.
1	price USB connection holds 32 exp tv cable included
1	Compact, stylish, well contructed phone.  Long Battery Life
1	takes great photos and very easy to hook up to computer
1	Flip-phone style, ease of use
0	As always, expensive inks.
0	8&amp;quot; macro focusing distance
1	camera phone & it was free,
0	See review body for all cons
0	hard to find a carry case
1	Yes
0	Not as compact as other contemporary phones, buttons are exposed
1	Easy to fold and transport, attractive, many reclining options, open design allows children to interact.
1	it's very light, holds 21 pic. and Compatible to serial ports
1	Excellent reception and battery life
0	not as fast as some others
1	good pictures, easy to use
0	Haven't run into any yet.
0	T68i, no bluetooth, no Palm Desktop sync (yet)
1	Great features for price
1	Excellent image quality. Extremely simple operation. Good flash. JPEG image files. Mac &amp; PC friendly.
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Battery needs charging daily if you use the phone at all.  no back up battery
1	High Resolution, self-timer, video input, great size and style.
0	Flimsy lens cap
0	Not networkable, some functions hard to figure out without manual.
1	Relatively compact size, manual features, nice LCD, included rechargable battery
1	Price, Size, Optic Zoom, Easy Navigation
0	ring volume, slow menu navigation, battery life
1	easy to use
1	great quality, easy to use
1	Great quality! Does a fine job.  Photos look great! Very efficient!
1	Easy Menu system, standard vibrator ring, customizable face plates
0	ear piece occasionally hard-to-hear in
0	Same as other printers:  expensive toner!
1	It is a Canon Printer,Which for me has always meant quality
0	Poor Phonebook design, low sounding through ear bud.
1	Reasonable cost, Fast, great quality, cancel button.
0	Sliding lens cover  butts retracting lens
0	Color printing, and price
0	Communication Errors
0	VERY bad battery life
1	photo-lab quality
1	Large phonebook, alarm
1	very nice exterior design
1	Good quality photos
1	Nice Color screen, backlit, navigation menu's, battery life, lots of features.
0	No date stamp function, Lens cap can damage telephoto.
0	Finish dulls and scratches easily, battery pops out easily
1	low price for digital
0	Cumbersome manual, power consumption with LCD on, didn't include AC adapter, slow response to ready for next shot, not always intuitive menuing
1	compact, amazing quality, cheap
1	rear seat reclines all the way down, great construction, very sturdy
1	Easy to use.
0	Annoying Quick Setup Dialog Box - Doesn't work well with Win XP
1	Clear and loud ringtones, bright colorful screen, long battery life
1	Great design, good size, speakerphone feature works great
0	Disks fill quickly, difficult to use in bright sunlight
0	None
0	Interface responsiveness.
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
1	Easy to use, Great Price, Good Sound Quality
0	Everything...and I do mean EVERYTHING!
1	Many features, battery life, not too big, lots of add-ons, stylish, syncing to PC
0	Disappointing memory and screen size
0	good reviews in Computer mag
1	Good general purpose printer, reasonable speed for this class of printer
1	voicemail indicator, phone book, speakerphone, web-enabled, variety of ringers...
0	Too much time between pictures, not enough buttons
1	Color print quality,price,ease of use
1	Loads on disk,great resolution,easy to use
1	Innovative storage, some professional styling and photo features, zoom capability.
1	Uses very little ink so cartridges last, self-cleaning printer head, easy set up.
1	Good quality printing, fast, and efficient
1	Solid, good reception
0	battery life
1	It's excellent all the way around......when it's working properly.
0	battery life
1	small, light, flip-phone, neat features
1	Small and compact, easy to use, great quality picture, MPEG Movie mode.
0	Can not be used on any windows program but windows 98. 
1	quality good for price
0	Cost initially and replacements parts, if needed are a little difficult to use if your not a little handy with some tools.
0	Learning curve
0	A bit heavy and cumbersome, flash is manual
1	Good sound, including speakerphone, long battery life
0	Zoom is mixed optical/digital
0	a bit overwhelming for people who haven't had a cell phone before
0	can't print, lousy support, bad communications, never again
0	wimpy zoom
0	no durability, poor battery life, takes a long tome to save pics, only 2x zoom
0	fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with no plan
0	Picture printout isn't great on this one.  The cartridges are also really expensive!
0	Lousy coverage compared to other phones. Buggy software.
0	Got big hands?
1	Design
1	Small and compact, can fit just about anywhere.
0	not easy to open and close
1	Great price,Great color
0	Phone turns on and off regardless of battery strength, GPS enabled but not functional.
0	no WAP
1	Good mobile internet access, usable keyboard, bluetooth
0	Maybe too much of everything
1	small, affordable, stylish, replaceable front AND back covers, music composer, much more
0	No zoom feature
1	You get to go to the nextel store every four months to get it fix.
1	Small size with an optical zoom
0	Auto white balance is off much of the time when shooting indoors.  Lame software program.
1	Style,size,Excellent list of multimedia options
1	Fast, good color, small margins.
0	had to download driver
1	good quality copies &amp;amp; prints, does all I need
1	Compact, Lightweight, Easy to use, Good for use with little kids, No wasted film, Preview pictures and delete ones you don't like
0	May want to purchase extended battery
1	Sharp images, flawless transfers to computer, good instructions, fair price
0	unintuitive GUI, 1 day battery life, crashes, breaks when you drop
1	No more film that I don't get developed. Instant knowledge if you got the pic
1	huh? none now with a better camera out
1	Excellent durability, clear screen display, nice and LOUD ring tones and call volume & price.
1	Cheap, toner is cheap, small compact size
1	Great Image Quality. 
0	slow, can't hold that much paper
1	Small size, two million pixels o' fun, versatile and weatherproof.
0	Fragile, Very Fragile.
0	Another serial device to attach, could be better with USB
0	generally a pain
0	The photograph is manipulated mainly after the picture is taken, and not during.
1	Very Quiet, basic paper feed OK, cheap unit for the paper sizes it can handle
0	expensive, poor customer service, not the best for twins
0	Expensive, crashes occasionally.
0	A bit big, off position doesn't lock to prevent battery usage, small picture printed (2X3)
0	RAW format a pain. Manual focus tricky. Software needs improvement. No remote shutter release.
1	PDA functionality, photo caller ID, sleek design, lightweight and compact, external LCD
1	Excellent pictures battery life and features!
0	Breaks easily, and can sometimes have internal problems depending on the phone itself.
0	Bulky.  Cost.
0	none that I can think of
0	Motorola ripped me off, and I hope the company goes bankrupt.
0	Multi-Segment AF not so great, but center focus is fine.
0	reception
0	Support, quality, durability
1	good quality, fast printing, compact
0	No USB connection
0	does a song and dance routine while starting, worked for a year
0	Noisy, lots to learn once you're brave enough to take it off auto
0	None
0	Prints a little slowly when printing in color
1	EVERYTHING
0	volume is too soft, lots of dropped calls, undue static, and lack of features
1	More features than you will ever need for a point and shoot.
0	Poorly designed interface, very primitive phonebook, very expensive, unbelievable inconvenient antenna
0	none
1	light, great phone call quality, good camera quality, hi-res screen, memory expandable
1	Just the right amount of features, removable floppy
0	Color ink cartridges are expensive
1	Reception/Quality, Size, and Look
0	Everything else, no games, Don't touch this phone, litterally! (read the full review for explanation)
1	price-easy to use-quality of picture
1	Very fast for high quality output. Very quiet
1	Sharpness and advanced capabilities
1	Great quality printing, low-priced
1	elicits oohs and ahhs wherever it goes
1	Cheap, it was very affordable
1	Sleek, conveniently combines several devices into one, compact
1	Quality photos and very versatile.
0	Playing MP3s drain battery quickly.
0	-End key flaky
0	Speakerphone quality and volume control could be better
1	Everything
1	Small footprint, laser quality text, inexpensive
0	GSM network not built up yet
1	More Palm than Phone, Color screen, ergonomically designed. Very Cool
1	very compact and mobile
1	Very fast, Great performance
1	Battery life, tri-mode, phonebook size, voice dial
1	Small, Light, Easy To Use, Not Much Static
0	BATTERY LIFE!
1	Easy to use
0	Flimsy lens cover
0	Not as clear of a picture as a more expensive camera would take. 
0	So cute I'm going to be mad with the first scratch.
1	Picture quality, ease of use, build quality
0	ink refills cost more than Canon, but last lots longer
1	Small, lightweight, lots of features, customizable rings and images
0	Poor print quality, expensive cartridges and poor dependability.
0	No window in canopy, no 5-point harness
1	Sturdy, roomy, easy to use.
1	Fast, great print quality, attractive, great price
1	Colorful Screen
1	nice design, adjustable volume, durability, clarity, features, reception
0	Reception,scratches easily, voice commands are a joke
1	very small uncomplicated and very nice portable tool for graphics students
0	sound quality
0	Video quality isn't that great&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Very bright flash
0	Not sure why I have to assign a speed dial number to every phonebook entry.
0	CompactFlash incompatibility, poor download software, forgets settings, rocker switch hard to "select"
1	Cheap, easy to use if you stick to basics, color screen, battery life, audio
0	Oversleeps...Full 45 seconds to print after first print command.
1	Digital, regular 3.5" floppy disks, easy to use
0	Upgradeability
1	The Size, Lots of Features,Lots of Ring Tones
1	Typical Nokia quality, easy to use, decent features for the money, cool new looks
0	lack of manual white balance &amp;amp; shutter speed selection, battery and CF door quality
1	Good picture quality, long battery life, very easy to use.
1	Excellent Optics, Easy to use, very powerful, compact.
0	Occasional errors in communication with computer. Annoying voice.
0	ugly, volume, no vibrate or speakerphone, no carrying case or belt hook, no voice activation
0	text is grey
1	Good Print Quality, Good Price, Amazing Service
1	Quality printing, fast for family and reliable
1	Very stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna for better signal.
1	Lightweight, nice design, clear display
0	None found.
1	Small, Solid, Beautiful Pictures, Rechargeable batteries included
0	Accessories and phone are somewhat spendy.
1	Great price. Useful, abundant and well thought out features. Excellent voice quality.
1	Very good features, fun to use, durable, excelent signal, Bluetooth capable, nice screen and size.
1	Huge LCD Display, Power and Features!
0	Price, Battery life.
0	Short Battery Life, Bad sound quality
0	Poor Reception, Battery life, Ring tones and Cheap Casing
1	size, picture quality, interface with PC, great software
1	Ease of use, image quality, compact convenient design
1	Simple to use, easy set up, excellent quality prints!!!
1	fast in taking pictures,fast in reviewing pictures,fast in changing camera settings
0	No help screens, cannot print multiple copies except in Microsoft programs, only two opaque ink tanks, expensive to replace the ink tanks
0	high cost of cartridges, slow to print several sheets of material
1	big wheels,easy steering
1	Bluetooth, screen, custom menus for power computer user - totally inaccessible to the regular user.
1	Supports large paper sizes
1	Very durable. Clearly lit screen and lots of features.
1	Stunning output -- it's really jaw-dropping.
0	thin plastic paper catcher
1	small, simple, great features,wonderful camera!!!
0	Sound Quality (voice). Small Buttons. Proprietary Headphones. Bluetooth Transfers. Can that Hinge Survive Two Years?
1	Lots of features and quality for the money.
0	red eye, zoom must be used with LCD, batteries die fast with LCD
1	Great picture quality. Compact size.
0	none for my purposes
0	Low volume.
1	Ease of use, quality of photos, more than adequate software
0	you can lose it easy
0	A bit big
0	Screen hard to read in bright light, ringer and speaker volume not very loud.
0	took awhile to get used to
0	Horrible manual, mediocre software
1	Beautiful, 007-ish, extremely thinness
0	meager 100 sheet paper tray, expensive ink cartridges
0	Voice commands, interface speed
1	Light small
0	Occasional dropouts and toggle button hard to maneuver-- very tiny!!
0	expensive ink cartridges.
1	Design, covers, light weight
1	Excellent picture quality, Easy to use control panel - Lots of custom functions
1	Durable, good price
1	excell. pictures, great night shots, low recycle time
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last long
1	Easy to use, well designed, cheap
1	Fast draft, very high resolution colour
0	IF YOU HAVE THE ROOM I WOULD SUGGEST GETTING SEPARATE UNITS FOR BETTER FLEXIBILITY
1	Very easy to use, good zoom range, easy to connect to computer
0	long download times
1	Value and features
1	None!
0	It is a little slow on printing!
0	none
0	Poor photo quality
0	No speakerphone, small keys, mediocre phonebook
0	rechargeable battery, blurry when max out zoom
0	paper jams and misfeeds
1	For the money, as well as a single footprint, it can't be beat.
1	very durable
1	Great color rendition, easy to use, quick donwnload to PC, small and lightweight.
0	None that I have found.
0	N80 body, USB, 
1	Easy to use and durable
0	Voice quality is horrible, bulky, over sensitive buttons
0	Didn't work
1	sleek, fits in pocket easily, external window, MIDI ringers
1	life like printing colors
1	Great color, great quality, great service
0	Standby reception is awful. Many "No Service" reports where service EXISTS.
1	Size, ease of use, reliability, feature-laden, stylish
0	drains batteries, 'shutter' button seems placed wrong
0	Its slow and produces very low quality.
1	Small, lightweight, Slim, great looking, cool blue illumination.
0	closing the cover is sometimes tough, and the zoom lens can get in the way
1	good service, voice tags, assigned ring tones
1	THIN, sturdy, holds lots of numbers, long battery.
0	Not so good in low-light situations.
0	antenna is flimsy, navigation is better on starTAC(but very minor con), not a GSM phone
0	Buying the ink for it.
1	Easy to use interface, easy to hook up to your computer and upload pictures, 
0	Rides better with larger child in the rear seat.
0	Color printing a bit slow
0	Lgi's reputation, customer support, battery life
0	Reportedly a noisy machine (Per ZD/PC Mag)
1	Good camera....
1	Cheap; compatible with a wide variety of connections; decent text printing.
0	Bulky, after a year of use, looks like a truck ran over it.
1	Inexpensive/Easy to use
0	Really need to buy the ac adapter.
0	unreliable, expensive
0	everything else
0	Battery Life
0	um, dust can cause issues. no real problems
1	Everything
1	Excellent Quality. Even great for a Pro!
1	good for beginners
1	It folds with no problem!!!!
0	Poor battery life, 8mb memory card inadequate, and flimsy coverings.
0	Battery stays charges for 60 minutes when used.
1	Makes excellent 4 x 6 prints; has small size and solid, stylish design.
1	Cheap, plenty of features, usually cheap with a "package deal" from service provider
0	Somewhat noisy when paper is loading into printer
1	Size, Nokia UserInterface, features
0	Eats batteries, small LCD screen, eats batteries, slightly heavy.
0	battery life doesn't last past a couple hours
0	poor print quality
0	Long delay between flash recharges,&amp; only 16MB memory card.
1	Takes great pictures at high quality setting
1	Looks cool
0	cheap built, battery life, speaker not loud enough
1	Cheap Printer, Good Win98 Support
0	none
1	speed quiet color
1	Small, Fast Print Speed, Great Print Quality
0	expected more features
0	kind of pricy
1	Slim Design, Camera, Bluetooth, Internal Antenna, High Res Display.
1	light, folds easily, nice materials, plushy seats, drives well
0	No speaker phone,internet accessibility or digi-cam,not compatible w.high speed data networks
0	too expensive to develop pictures
1	None
0	Poor user manual.
1	GPRS, 3min Voice Recorder, Lion Battery, T9
1	Overall design, colorful display and lights, backlit external LCD screen is a must.
1	Extremely durable--military specs.
1	Functionality (scan,copy, print), performance, build quality, keypad convenience
0	Expansive ink!, only 19ml of black ink, cover plastic\ink holders tends to brake.
0	Blotchy colors, super grainy above 100ISO, grinding lens, slow
1	The SUV of strollers.  It will go through anything. 
1	Astounding printouts, low price, high resolution, braindead install
1	Good voice clarity, comfortable keys, easy to use
1	Has a great color internal LCD screen.
1	Easy to use and sturdy.
1	Low cost, compact flash technology
0	Poor printing quality
1	Looks, Very Light
0	NONE
0	eats batteries like all other digital cameras
0	No microphone and the battery runs down fast. 
1	Compact and portable, takes vivid and brilliant color photographs
1	cheap(not worth it), small(falls out of pocket easily), popular(too popular now)
1	Easy to use User Interface, Compact Size, Great picture quality
0	Camera, Internet too easy to get too by mistake
1	easy use, quiet
0	must purchase basket; requires some practice to open quickly; feels flimsy at times
1	The battery lasted approximately 2 weeks! Small size.
1	A plethora of options
1	Cheap, good battery life, very bright back light.
1	Lightweight; charges quickly; uses other Nokia accessories; picks up PCS signal well indoors;
0	High price tag.
1	Great feature set and decent reception
0	uses batteries very quick
1	Inexpensive to purchase
1	Free (with mail-in rebate); good reception and sound quality; easy to use
0	Cartridges are quite expensive and not refillable at this time.
1	Can print pretty good pictures
1	Very mobile, great quality for price!!!
1	EASY TO USE
1	lightweight, does not take up a lot of room, inexpensive
1	display, design, features
1	Virtually every feature.
1	Great quality, extremely quiet, no feeding problems
1	design, compatability (size), external lcd, polyphonic ringers
1	Small size, Light weight, Long-life Battery 
0	indoor shots are not wonderful - move up a model
0	Had to buy extra memory stick
0	4 months and it died
0	A bit pricey
0	8 months later I still have not received the $40. rebate that I was promised
0	It is just a bit noisy
0	The cross navigational key in the middle is ugly and the send and end buttons are weird shades of red and green
1	Easy to use and quality photos
1	Color display, compact, wireless web enabled, user friendly
0	price, Battery Life is low. 
1	small, lightweight, many features
0	Black ink cart sold separately, USB only, cartridges costly, no network support
1	Ease of use for novice and pro alike
0	AWFUL reception, joystick hard to use, delay times on everything
0	Takes awhile to learn all of the controls but once you do, WOW!
0	tiny buttons--can't text with one hand
1	Image quality, price, video link
0	Color good, but not not as good as you may need
0	It brakes down realy easy,poor picture printing
1	amazing image quality, Carl Zeiss 5x optical zoom lens, 2.6 mega-pixel resolution
1	Good for the kids
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
0	The speed could be a little better
1	Background light is cool
0	limited to existing lens
1	Good Quality, 6 ink colors
1	Bluetooth, Full of features, Large Display
1	Excellent picture quality, Superb function list
1	Print quality, speed
0	The S602 is a real power hog
0	Printer driver improperly prints from Adobe Acrobat viewer
0	Price ($1299) (relative)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Big, heavy
0	very slow
1	Size makes it easy to have with you always.
1	easy to use, great camera for price
1	Double sided printing
0	No 'off switch', slow processing (not printing) speed.
0	battery eater, hooky program
1	small, many fine features available with great plans
0	Squareish shape, expensive.
1	Overall Quality
0	It's just a little too big and heavy to be perfect.
1	Color screen, you can assign photos to caller ID
1	Price, features, Great for quick shots, Optical and digital zooms
0	NONE
1	Looks, easy to use, durability
1	Size, Weight, Features, Low Radiation Level!
0	A bit heavy, short battery life
0	must purchase vibrating battery separately for $80
0	No upgradeable memory. Very poor software suite.Uses proprietary music format (NOT mp3)
0	pricey, too good resolution for average person
1	price point
0	none
0	Expensive ink cartridges with limited availability
0	Identical features to the StarTac, more expensive, does not feel solid and durable
1	Easy to open/close, 5-point harness
1	Ease of saving the images, Great images, Stylish, Quite Sturdy
0	??price??
1	Great camera with great pictures.
1	Huge screen, great sound, easy to use, solid
0	You get what you pay for
1	Fast, cheap, great quality, Mac/PC compatible, USB, Easy to use, nice design
1	Ease of installation, crispness of printing, talking software
0	Cartridges are really expensive
0	Somewhat heavy, not for sportcars with tiny trunks
1	Lightweight; Excellent quality photos; easy link to pc
0	complicated menus.  Construction could have been better.
1	Inexpensive, convenient dock, easy to use, accepts standard batteries.
1	Low price. Decent quality prints. Good software bundle. Dependable.
0	indoor photos require more thought, flash is weak, CF cartridge door is flimsy
1	Can produce some very clear work 
1	Small size and good battery life.
1	Good reception, backlighting, easy menus, voice dial
0	Surprisingly poor battery life even in digital mode.
0	Poor reception, placement of IR port.
0	EVF hard to see through in dim light.
0	Camera is hazy, can't view missed calls list, bad battery life
1	Superb image quality, bevy of features,ability to use multiple card formats
0	No case included, battery life 
0	bulky,  storage difficult to access
1	Good print quality, overall good value - typical of Epson
1	Easy to use, excellect picture quality 
1	Easy to use.  Sharp lens.  Very rugged.
0	Slightly big in size and weird number pad layout.
0	Makes much noise while loading the paper, no parallel cable
1	small,very high quality pictures,great at time exposure, very good micro
0	Can't print multiple pages on a single page
0	Speed is slower than advertised
0	Included battery has short life.
1	Flexible, comfortable, quick, capable.
1	great pictures, lots of features, price is coming down!
0	very expensive
1	Love the image-viewing options before uploading to computer.
0	battery operated, battery security flap pops open randomly. no flash
0	I haven't tried printing the photos yet, so I'm not sure of the quality there.
1	Its definitely cheap and compact enough to keep some money in your wallet but...
1	Durable, lightweight, great sound quality, easy to use.
1	New operating system is awesome.
0	Refills.
0	Lack of sync plug and firewire, uses too many batteries, very fragile, ISO 320
1	Relatively Cheap, Fast, Prints Nicely
1	Fast, sharp images and clear fonts at any size while easy and cheap to refill.
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
1	Color screen, polyphonic ringer, camera attachment
0	Some ergonomic problems
0	&lt;i&gt;Difficult to Install Win98 Driver&lt;/i&gt;
0	Photo software is pretty cheesy; Included memory card is almost worthless.
0	batteries go quick
1	Can't find any yet
1	Flip phone, external caller ID, calendar, color screen, size, internet capability
0	It ain't a $1600 Olympus!
1	Uses a floppy disk, easy to use
1	Great scanning, great printing, excellent copying
0	Toner smudge/streak
1	Nice basic phone!
1	Good price, good printing quality, cartridges easy to find
0	Limited zoom and eats batteries
0	May not have the sleekest looks.
0	buttons are awkward at first, no web access
1	The color is very good and pretty accurate.  Doesn't jam very often
0	Doesn't show charging indicator; expensive to use V CAST features
1	Thinner, compatible with accessories (mostly)
1	great picture quality, easy to use, inexpensive, many functions
0	Can be Bulky
0	None
1	Small, great functions, nice pictures
1	Good Reception, Very Durable, Blue Lighted Screen and Number Pad.
1	Read above!
1	Easy to use, reliable
0	some similarities to Nokia 5190
1	Great price, good quality color printing, quicker than ink jet.
1	Color screen, light weight, polyphonic ring, downloadable software, good signal retention
0	Camera picture quality, didn't come with a belt clip
1	Great pictures, easy to use
1	Good picture quality, inexpensive
1	FAST, Excellent quality text and color
0	Bad reception & no clock while locked.
0	Too many to mention here
0	Drop calls and it only works in certain areas. It's not both digital and analog.
1	Easy to use, compact,light, amount of pictures
0	Not as plush as some of the other strollers.
1	Excellent price and great quality
1	Small, easy to use, takes great pictures!!
1	Compact size, feature packed, easy to use, great battery & of course, the blue backlight
1	Cheap, some useful features, phone wraps, good sound quality
1	Compact, good screen resolution
1	Easy to use. Excellent pictures. Cool looking!
0	Low battery life - A bit outdated by more recent phones - No bluetooth audio
0	A bit heavy, front cover a bit "weak", no battery indicator
1	Cheap, Great Quality, USB
1	Reasonably priced, great quality and sound.
0	Still pricey at about $170, not the smallest phone
1	easy to use; good price; great pictures; good software; LCD viewfinder
1	Everything
0	Slow to download
1	Light and folds small
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	Great pics, portable. mpeg, swivel lens
0	Loud start-up, somewhat noisy
1	Excellent output, great price
1	Nice Olympus camera with good zoom capability and it can print too!
0	Very poor focus, compression of JPG, no data card, bad design of battery cover
0	Menus are small.
1	Lightweight and easy to carry; digital; attractive and stylish design.
0	Poor reception. Poor battery life. Screen freezes.
1	Exceptional Performance!  Ease Of Use!  6-Megapixel Clarity and Canon Reputation...
1	I can personalize my phone as much as I want.
1	High quality pictures, very economical, many features and great user manual.
0	The phone is non-intuitive
0	Short battery life, small stock memory stick.
0	poor software support for mac
0	Battery life, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
0	battery life is short (constantly recharging), only one zoom
1	Comfortable size, good voice quality
0	Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory card.
0	Slow, Expensive development
1	great color, easy to use
0	No Hands Free kit
0	Cost of ink cartridges.
0	Cost little more than I like
1	Large font and buttons for limited vision users.
0	Absolutely flakey, secret HP policy reference printhead replacement.
0	Speaker phone woes, battery drains like mad when on analog mode
1	Inexpensive, Built in card reader
1	great for travel; easy to use; uses AA batteries; great for web or 4x6 printed
0	Lack of coverage in some less populated areas.
0	Eats up batteries.
0	Devours batteries, white out on closeups with flash
0	battery life, costly product
0	no print preview built into the driver/print quality greatly deteriorates over time
0	Colors are dull, not much manual control
0	Location of camera lens, ringer low when phone is open, glare during the day
1	Performs well, has a lot of options
1	This printer does everything you could want.
1	Durable, lightweight, easy-to-setup
0	No rechargeable batteries supplied, slow power up.
0	a bit pricey, bad viewfinder, weak flash
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	Really slick design, terrific display, bluetooth, no disabled features
1	Outstanding Battery Life, So Simple To Use My Dog Could Make Calls!E-Mail In My Palm!
1	Light, sleek, no antenna, great sync, good PIM.
1	Quick, Good Crisp Pages, Quiet
1	FAST, great graphics, USB support
1	Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
1	Powerful, nice photos, produces beautiful prints
0	Bulky and awkward; expensive; no bluetooth or Wi-Fi; phone network patchy at present;poor manual
0	not enough resolution
1	Size, Resolution, Coolness
1	Large LCD Screen, InfoLithium Batteries &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Decent color and quality for price
1	Double Sided Printing, Quiet,, Stable
1	Inexpensive with tremendous versatility and HP quality
0	mp3 ringtones are marginal, phone speaker is finicky about ear position
1	The BEST
1	Great price, excellent performance
1	Super Bargain, Good pic quality
0	poor reception compared to similar phones
0	1/60 second shutter speed  too fast for low light conditions.
1	Fast, Many settings and options, picture quality and clarity.
1	Nice looking phone, many features, excellent color display
0	It is unattractive and cheap looking
1	Almost unbreakable, just the right size, rubberized grip, excellent LCD display
0	Priced a bit high, but rebates make it well worth it
0	doesn't handle cardstock or thicker envelopes well
0	Low Quality
0	Powering Off!!!, Battery Life
0	Charger
0	too small for big hands
0	Expensive
0	NOT LINUX compatible, zoom/toggle switch poorly located, Tri-pod mount poorly located
1	A speaker phone for Alltel customers.  Other nice ideas.
1	Price, quality of printout, versatility
1	Very fast printing
1	3.5 floppy goes into any computer, delete bad pics, good 16x zoom
1	Great pictures, nice software bundle, comes with AC adapter and 8MB memory card
1	Outstanding clarity of printing, ease of use is superb, you can't do better
1	easy to use.
1	I like the color screen and overall appearance of the phone.
1	six times zoom, superb resolution and colour,full manual or full auto
1	Lightweight &amp; small; great software &amp; features; EASY to use
1	Light, Good Quality, Fast, Reliable.
1	High quality output.  Relatively fast.
1	It's a printer...
1	Can't be easier to use!  Put batteries in and start snapping.
0	save your money
0	expensive, not that roomy for back rider
0	Guzzles ink
1	Great features, easy to navagate, many options
1	Great print quality, Extremely fast printer (laser like speeds), HP warranty and quality, low cost printer consumables, Infrared sensor. Duplex module included!
1	Easy to use, picture galleries, self-adjusting flash
0	Battery life, shutter lag
1	Great size,weight, fairly easy to use.
0	Somewhat expensive even if you can find it on sale, ridiculously expensive if you can't
1	Nice camera and other various upgrades.
0	No where to put things
0	My Epson C80 didn't perform for long--quit printing 6 months after warranty expired.
1	Voice dialing, easy to use interface, lots of features
1	easy to use, quality pictures, affordable
0	Battery life/slightly dark prints.
1	Easy use, pretty good resolution and zoom, movie mode
1	Tough.
0	non-intuitive menus and HORRIBLE ANTENNA
1	Good, cheap, decent pictures, easy to use
0	power drain, no usb port cover, 4MB smart media card, 
0	None, except no internet.
0	Does not work well at all on normal or offset paper
1	It prints.
1	Great Resolution, high quality pictures, optional large storage memory sticks, rechargable battery long life
0	No lens cover, no optical zoom, thin and fragile battery and CF doors
1	light, small, good quality, high capacity, compression
0	Battery Hog
0	No USB, weak flash.
1	Good clean print. Quality copies. No jams.
1	Full professional digital SLR
1	Affordable Versitile Connects when I need it and Works Great for Buisnesses
0	Prints somewhat slow on High Quality jobs.
1	user friendly, fun, easy to use, good manual, light
1	great resolution, zoom lense, red eye light, sleek design, rechargable batteries w/ charger, overall, a great package!
1	Small, sturdy.  Inexpensive for what you get.  USB Scandisk for transferring pictures.
0	Hard to use at night
1	Menus are Easy to use
1	Ease of use, Convenient floppy storage, Terrific features, including MPEG movies
0	i wish you could load with film also.
0	Kinda cheap feeling, but looks are not everything!
0	Really need second battery.
1	Great pictures!
1	Sexy and well made. Long long long battery life. Sounds great.
0	USB only
1	Color accuracy (EXIF 2.2) and saturation, fast, quiet, separate ink tanks, borderless prints
1	picture quality, ease of use
0	only comes with 8MB CF card, have to get a larger one
0	Low battery life, skimpy size on included CF card
0	may smudge at times, not the highest quality
1	Small, long battery life, lots of features.
0	You may need an exorcist.
0	B&W external display, poorly placed volume rocker
0	Flawed lens cap design, poor viewfinder, skimpy memory card, no AC adapter, no rechargeable batteries.
0	limited zoom
0	Holster, headset functionality
0	Can't connect to the internet.  I don't even need it to do that though.
0	none
1	3 Mpixel CCD, excellent zoom lense, outsanding picture quality in auto mode.
1	great quality for the price
1	improvements over previous models, speed, quality, low level of noise
1	Ease of use but has lots of customization options; included remote, and all cables
0	Calendar does not have "view all day notes" feature.
0	none
0	see above
0	Service
1	Excellent Quality Pictures
0	buttons are too small to press easily--have to use a fingernail.
0	CRAP CRAP CRAP
0	Sony interface is still limiting.
0	battery life is par, can't play mp3s, cannot add memory
1	good  price  durable  and  ergonomic.
1	Excellent images, complete exposure control, feels good to use.
0	Will need to purchase a cable and eventually black and color ink refills, 
1	Battery Life, distinctive ringers(see desc.)
1	Lots of options
1	Cellular Phone Use Only
0	Phone Book, Cumbersome Menus, too thick
0	drops calls, bad reception, ringer not loud enough
0	Few Accessories.
1	view finder, download to a computer,
0	I needed two batteries because of short memory.  Two work great - one is 90 minutes, the other 160 minutes. 
1	everything
1	Super cheap, super fast, brand name.
0	Voice dial is strange. Can only view and save pictures sent using the Sprint camera!
0	Fixed-focus, delay between shots.
0	Unrealible, cartriges empty quickly, fairly slow printing
1	Ease of Use, Joy Stick Control, T9 Predictive Text
1	Good print from pictures and documents on your computer
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
0	Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy network install, critical alignment tough
1	small size, build quality
0	Shutter Lag
0	image quality is not very good and no flash
1	nice small little phone...
1	Light weight, uses AA Batteries, Win XP compatible
0	Buttons might be too tiny for some people, some static.
0	internet can be slow even with the best signal.
0	No zoom.  No creative options.
0	Not a pocket camera (1 lbs 7 oz) and expensive.
1	great
1	Fast, Quality Printing, USB and Printer Port
1	Price, Quality, USB
0	NEC should send these out with a full toner cartridge instead of half
0	potential for paper skewing
0	Expensive
1	Fast, Individually Ink Cartridges,, Durabrite Long Life Inks.
1	size, styling, 2 color LCD screens, camera controls, voice sound quality +++
0	heavy
1	Handi and nice to have
0	None
1	Solid, sturdy phone.  Clarity of in call sound.  Battery life.
1	Get pictures
0	Pictures not very of high quality.  Floppy storage.
0	Distant Images Poor, Battery wears down quickly, Small and Awkward to Hold 
1	Great Value, Excellent print quality
1	Great reception, great battery life, overall great phone.
1	A lot of features for a small price tag.
0	wheels could be sturdier
0	Picture quality is useless
1	resolution and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	Good graphics
0	VERY large when folded, small basket underneath
0	Powers itself down- have to wait for it to restart. 
1	Easy to use, Good documentation, Flash can be turned off, Camera comes with everything necessary to use immediately
0	Jams on textured papers, limitations with use
1	Flip phone, bluetooth file transfer, mp3 capable
0	Poor picture quality
0	Expensive; battery life; to swivel one-handed takes practice.
0	Only 20 MB onboard memory, can freeze and stutter, toggle navigation is tiny.
1	price, performance
0	Sticks in pockets, hard to open, VGA camera.
1	Tiny size, very light, great screen, Nokia, good reception...
0	Not many accsesories. Small easy to lose.
1	Price, Style--it's Blue :)
1	Pure awesome, and that's coming from a man who hates cells.
1	ZOOOOOOOMM!!!, Lots of manual options.
1	Very efficient camera I use it even for my commercial printing needs
1	Fast and outstanding for printing photos
0	BATTERY
0	speaker doesn't work, charging is frustrating
0	Dubious print quality; shakes more than Elvis; LOUD!
0	Short battery life, no A/C adapter included
0	about 50$ a battery
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Nice support personnel at Epson. 
0	Poor Output on 3rd party Photo Paper, Slightly fuzzy print on plain paper
0	To small battery, weak flash,long time delay. Manual focus problem in Macro.
0	Big, No Color Screen.
1	Quality, Cost, Durability, Size, and Weight
0	None for me.  It works great as a phone.
0	Power hog, micro size and fumbility
1	Ease of use, nice pictures
0	Haven't found any
0	not much zoom capability, serial uplink 
0	Slow "boot-up", too much time between pressing shutter button and picture being taken.
0	Economy Printout not good.
0	No clock or alarm. Complicated menu.
1	takes abuse, easy to use
0	One cartridge at a time, sometimes misfeed paper
0	Battery, Reception, Phone's software freezes, overpriced
1	Small, optical zoom, easy to use
1	well designed, easy to use
0	Slightly larger than some phones
0	slow loading,  fast ink consumption
1	ease of use, small size, easy to transfer images to the computer.
1	good printer, IS-22 compatable
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
0	Bad paper feed mechanism, Expensive consumables
1	Camera works, even in dim light; easy-to-read LCD screen; many watch functions
0	shutter lag, drains alkaline batteries quickly, no neck strap included
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, slow to warm up out of standby mode
1	Small, relatively lightweight, comfortable to hold, durable, excellant for price
1	great print quality
1	Compact but not too small.  Rechargeable Ni-MH batts included!
1	Zoom, Picture Quality, Ability to Create MPEG's, Email JPG Function
0	low dpi, Prints slow, Un-reliable
0	A bit pricey
1	Uses a floppy disk    Still shots or short movie  
1	Slick, Lightweight, Elephants Are Attracted To It
1	Easy to hold, no motion while taking picture. Large font on menu &amp; LED 
0	No USB
1	Size, Feel, Quality
1	very durable.  good speaker phone.  easy to use.
1	Packed with useful features, cool backlit LCD, well built
1	Very easy to use, takes high quality pictures, can hold up to 64 megs.
0	small; menu shortcuts; NiMH battery
1	can print from camera card
1	nice capabilities
0	Menu could be better, uses SmartMedia and a serial interface
1	Feature loaded, great images, long battery life.
1	Good Text, Excellent Color &amp; Builtin Card readers.
1	sturdy, light, attractive
1	Color Screen, battery life, memory capacity
0	It's not the top-of-the-line printer.
1	Lightweight and basic, simple set-up, print software
1	Lightweight, compact, easy to use, nice color screen
1	The best looking phone I've seen
1	Great bargain; acceptable speed and print quality; mechanically reliable
0	Comes with a 8Mb memory card only, comes with no AC adaptor, lousy software.
0	Small text and no T9 text messaging.
1	Professional quality photos &amp; many, features in a compact camera.
1	Ultra-light and Portable.
1	small, compact, lightweight, beautiful screen
1	compact, light, optical &amp; digital zoom, expandable, crisp 2" LCD
0	None yet
1	Reliable, fairly easy to use. 
1	Lightweight, carrying case, shoulder strap for carrying, reclining seat, rain shield
0	A little pricey
0	No USB, Menu a bit confusing
1	Speakerphone, large screen, top quality
1	Easy to use, great features like text messaging
0	a little pricey
1	easy to use, self focusing, timer
0	long printing time at highest quality
0	haven't found anything yet!
0	lens could be sharper at edges, focus sometimes tricky in low light
0	No Voice Dialing
1	After days of constant research, I have settled on this one.  
1	Sleek, smart-looking, very pleasing to the eye.
1	color screen, IR port, polygraphic ring tones, cheap pricetag
0	volume is horribly low
0	It's a toy digital camera.
0	3 month warranty, No infrared receiver, High ink prices
1	easy to use, good picture quality
1	Excellent Photos!
1	Light, Small, Easy To Use
0	There are two common problems with the screen and battery.
0	Expensive
0	Needs bigger memory card
1	High quality photos. Seperate ink tanks. Fast output. Quick drying ink.
1	beautiful pictures
0	Verizon version is crippled.  Voice recorder is unreliable.  PC sync doesn't work properly
1	Print Quality, Print Quality, Print Quality!
0	Bulky, quiet Palm alarm, no jog dial, battery placement, unprotected screen, can't sync with Macintosh
0	None
0	Controls, swivel lens can be either useful or obnoxious, can be hard on batteries
1	Price, photo quality, macro mode
0	Lack of zoom capability
1	Great Photo Quality, Easy Use, Expansive Features
1	Cheap! Fast. Excellent photo quality. Very easy to operate. Good menu system. 
0	None
0	Very cheap and fragile lens cover, cheap fabrication.
0	should come with a charger for your vehicle
0	Reception, not the "latest" model, some users may find mature interface daunting
0	Viewing screen small, possible durability problems down the road
1	picture quality, price, ease of use
0	Terrible reception
1	Reliable; easy to dial calls; very good speakerphone; walkie-talkie capability
1	very easy to use, great quality for the price
1	durable, lightweight, and easy to use
1	Multi Function Center Button
1	good price
0	Fragile-Looking, Not Fully MODable.
0	Terribly short battery life, no detailed owner's manual, tiny carrying pouch.
1	Small, ext. CID, Scheduler w/ repeating events, voice dial
0	disk compacity, photo lag time.
0	HONESTLY NONE AT ALL
0	2x Digital Zoom, set too rigid -- there's only two settings!
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Great zoom lens
1	Super light-weight. Super customisable rings. Many backlight colours. Speakerphone built-in. Vibrating mode.
1	Convenient and Tough
1	Almost everything! Excellent reception, cool color screen, no problems so far.
1	This phone has a thin body, great battery life, and a lot of terrific features.
1	small, thats about it though
0	a bit bulky
1	speed,ease of use,color clarity
0	You loose your camera settings when it's powered off.
0	Occasionally won't print or skips pages
0	Larger than average
1	Excellent photo quality and lots of great features!
1	Handle switches front to back.
1	very small, light weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
0	Maybe just a little bit thick, and because it's new -- it's still expensive
0	Slow, poor software, low paper and ink capacity
0	Have to purchase a cable  either parallel or USB, , 
0	Sliding lens cover, cheap memory card cover.
1	Its a printer, inexpensive
0	Best for first time digital photographers.  
0	crummy case supplied by Nikon, no viewvfinder-lcd
0	uses batteries fast, low light is crummy
1	Camera, phone book, games, 'internet'
0	Takes time to figure out how to get the best quality picture
1	None come to mind.
0	ink cartridges cost
1	ruggedness, battery life, multi-band operation, logical operation
1	rugged, long battery life, easy to use, good audio, built in speaker phone
0	Everything else, comes with nothing...
0	A little bulky, uses batteries quickly, takes several seconds to turn on/off
1	Very Nice Printer, Exceptional Speed
0	navigating thru the menus is slow
0	User manual, menus not the most friendly
0	Small Wheels, Small Basket, Not Cheap
0	Lens in an awkward spot, features sometimes hard to access
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
0	battery life, can only store 20 pics, not the best looking phone out there
1	economic
1	Small, bright light, MIDI ringers
1	Great keyboard, internal screen, signal, camera/video, internet capability. Excellent voice call. Good PDA.
0	expensive memory
0	Software problems.  Many phones become unusable.  Freezes.  Shuts down.  Screen very bad.
1	Very easy to use
1	Good Price
1	-Thin, light body- very stylish
1	Small, cute, reliable
1	Nice pictures, affordable price
1	quality, versatility.
1	very easy to use
1	IR port, network-ready version (the TN), speed
0	It is a bit larger than some phones
1	Cheap, easy, good for the amateur photographer
1	Inexpensive, separate cartridges for colors, separate photo ink cartridges
1	Easy to use. Great, intuitive menus.  Rugged, hardy design.
0	No optical zoom
0	Everything else. Do not buy this phone!
0	No case, alkaline batteries run short
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges!
0	none
1	great print quality, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder, GOOD price
0	None so far
1	Excellent reception, bluetooth works well for my purposes, the rubberized blue coating is very nice
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
1	Price, Features, Lens, Durability.
0	terrible quality
1	Very Fast, Brilliant Color, Long-Lasting Cartridges
1	Style
1	Pretty phone, a lot of features as far as making the phone look good.
1	Simple software, inexpensive, great color rendering
1	It will work.  Not very good but it will work.
1	Small, good sound, My Faves, easy to use
0	None really
1	Picture Quality,Makes great enlarged photos, comes equipped with rechargeable batteries and charger.
1	Voice Activated Dialing, Speakerphone, Great Interface Qualities, Longest Battery Life to Date
0	Ring tones are a little corny
0	Is first of its kind offered by Samsung - could use improvement
1	Great signal strength, great help, easy to use menu, fun rings, fun flip, voice dialing.
0	None so far
0	Lower picture quality than the more expensive cameras
1	Fun to play with, bells and whistles
0	slow response
1	Everything
1	So/so image quality
0	Complex.  Could be simplified.&#13;&#10;Would have paid more for some amenities.
0	Relatively short battery life
1	Note-taking ability: 'jotter'. [More details in Body]
0	Antenna is flimsy
0	Are there any?  A few minor grips, but nothing to dissuade someone from purchasing.
0	Lack of knowledgeable support from Kodak
1	Features, ease of use, photo quality
0	slow
1	simple to use. no expensive memory stick or flash card, uses 3.5" floppy
0	none
0	Have to remember to flip the flash up - no big deal
1	Picture quality
1	Versatility, small package, picture quality
1	Cost effective
0	No ringer + vibrate mode.
0	Laggy, not durable, voice quality isn't good
0	battery, focusing
1	5 Megapixel, Carl Zeiss Lens, NightShot, 800 ISO Speed.
1	Small,  cheap, and photo-quality for PC &amp;amp; Mac
1	Quiet, excellent quality for the price, Durable, and a great low price
0	Printer head had to be replaced twice in 10 months (under warranty, but a hassle none the less).
0	handle on carrier
1	Battery life, reception, good USEFUL features
1	clarity, great flash, infolithium battery
0	Mediocre service; battery life; Small memory; limited fancy features; doesn't sync with other electronic devices
1	Has mortgage calculator built in, unlimited free incoming calls.
0	Your wardrobe suffers because you spent all your $$$ on phone
1	2-way radio, clarity, internet access
0	not great resolution, IT BROKE!
0	Maybe the cost for the poor rug rats.
0	Poor quality photo's
1	Easy to fold, lightweight, lots of cup holder, front feeder tray, big basket
0	Runs out of ink too quickly, cartridges are costly
1	low price, good picture quality, LCD display
0	antenna could be stronger, short battery life, can't download custom rings.
0	Very few cons!
0	no games, awkward menus
1	Takes very good pictures, probably the most well-rounded 2 megapixel camera out there
1	Prints nicely and quickly, Affordable price
0	size
0	Those damn bright lights next to the view finder. Blinding!
0	Curling of Pages
1	Sturdy, Ease of use, Manuverable, Comfortable Snazzy
0	medium quality image prior to enhancement
0	short battery life, annoying glare, need to restart Mac every time you want to transfer pictures
1	PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
0	Screen freezes,no new ringers.
1	Small, colour screen, digital camera, infra-red port, games etc.
1	cheap
1	size, style, features, durability
0	Cheap feel, CRAPPY lens cap
1	Photo quality, quiet, long-lasting ink, text quality
1	Good price, easy to use
0	HAVE TO PAY FOR GAMES
0	Loud when in fast print.
0	A bit slower when printing in color.
1	Lightweight and nice design
0	must have lens cap off when camera is on, can't add filters without adapter
0	Few manual features
1	Just about everything.
0	A little heavy
1	Canon, Good Quality Pictures, Small, Easy To Use.
0	Jams... Problems...
1	Cheap, Easy to use, quite Pretty in shape
1	Cheap! Small in Size!
0	None.
0	Prints only 4x6 photos or smaller
1	Simple, easy to use
0	No caller id, hands-free headset not functional, and battery charger cover is not practical.
0	customer service is rude and unhelpful
0	Software Is Troublesome, Requires Steady Fingers
1	Price, reliability, toner save feature, great workmanship
0	Slightly more expensive than other printers; however, the price is worth it!
0	Lacks flexibility of SLRs and extreme small size of some point-and-shoots
0	Video out on docking station, lack of PAL, fast charger costs extra
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
0	Slow, big, expensive cartridges
0	Sketchy service in areas without two or more bars.
1	Prints High Quality Graphics to 11X17
1	Clear, Easy & Wonderful
1	Great clear images, easy to use.
0	worst user interface of any phone I have ever used
0	AWFUL BATTERY LIFE, clumsy software full of bugs
0	Long time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
0	hard to hold, small buttons
0	LCD screen gets fingerprints easily, may be a little expensive.
0	Phone volume not so great.Camera definately needs work.More storage space would help.
1	Small, Color, Excellent reception, Changable backgrounds, and ringers.  Games. Expensive!!
1	Compact, neat swiveling lens design, relatively cheap, excellent metering , 
1	Compact, Super Hi-Res Pictures, Wide range of functions, Easy of Use
0	Some echoing when calling other cellular phones
0	some bleeding at high res
0	Battery life sucks, expensive, not many custom features.
0	Horrible Picture Quality, Memory Stick, Poor Macro Capability...
1	Macro lense allows photos as close as 3 inches.
0	none I've found
0	Small paper tray.
0	Poor battery life, slow response, complex menus
1	size of printer
0	costly replacement cartrigde 
0	Won't print sometimes, including right now. Makes a swirling noise and smears ink.
1	Extremely easy to use and a very good price
0	problems w/in the phone: too extensive menu, flimsy antenna, short battery life
0	nothing wrong unless you drop it.
1	small size,quality photos.
0	battery life
1	compact, inexpensive, simple
0	infoLithium Battery Pack/64 megabyte Memory Stick a must... Video function is worthless.
1	good to travel  with
1	Ease of use, low cost
0	Small keys
1	superb photo quality and ease of use. light and rugged enough to take being knocked around. 
1	Clear display; large display
1	Easy At Home Picture Developing
0	Speaker phone, lack of third party accessories
0	Flimsy, uncomfortable, small basket, wheels lock up
0	none yet
1	Pretty. Wallpapers, and MIDI ringtones.
0	cannot receive two radio signals at once
1	Excellent High Quality, 6 color Photo Printing, reasonably priced. 
1	Easy to navigate interface, plenty of features, looks good.
1	Features, size
0	A little bulky to get into a small car
1	Almost everything
0	no floppy disks, live LCD display would be nice
0	Warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy has fixed this
0	Not for the expert photographer, comes with a small memory card
1	Great image quality, affordable, loads of features
0	Same as all digital cameras - battery life and LCD unreadable in full sun 
0	Lacks many newer features
1	Cheap and LCD Viewfinder
0	The sliding lens cover can break stuff if you are not careful.
1	Decent picture quality for a inexpensive camera
1	low price, text print quality
1	Affordable, high quality, High duty cycle
1	Nikon Quality, Feature Rich, Manual Control
0	spots in photos sometimes
0	Scratches easily
1	Legible screen, large touch pad with full function Palm OS, and high quality digital phone.
0	none
0	Extremely slow shutter speed 
0	Poor battery life when using display, only 2X optical zoom
1	Takes brilliant daytime photos, good features, additional filters/lenses available...
0	Clogs , consumes ink, lousy quality construction, frequent paper jams.
1	compact, lightweight, features
0	none
0	Only 1 Megapixel, not very good outdoor quality. No USB. Only 4MB card.
0	Eats batteries, slow image download.
0	poor image quality
1	Wonderfully easy, durable, not too expensive.
0	expensive
1	Size
0	Printer drivers on the CD unacceptable.
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something A LOT better!
1	Good print quality, cheap, durable
1	small, lightweight, great picture quality, great value, stylish, easy to use, bundled with good software
0	Could have a more sturdy, better constructed paper/output tray.
0	Screen size too small, speakerphone muddy-sounding, limited information storage for contacts, charging system flawed.
1	Compact, lots of features
1	would make a nice house for a family of mice
1	Cell phone's are convient
0	battery monster
1	Small and lightweight. All the features you really need in a cell phone.
0	Not great action shots
0	A lot of money for nothing, not much space, bad steering
1	cheap, easy to use
1	Separate ink tanks, USB, fast, quiet, $20USD factory rebate
1	All the usual calling features and looks. Takes a beating. Average battery life.
0	Not too many advanced features, no uncrompressed format
1	Light, small, great sound quality
0	Poor reliability; Short life in analog mode
0	Few Rings, Weak Battery Life
0	Lens distorts, resolution is low, needs lots of light, gobbles AAs, looks toylike
0	My battery dies very quickly...not enough ring tones.
1	Great portable, easy to use
1	plug-and-play, double sided printing, color output, handsome design, quietness
0	Battery life on slim battery
1	large LCD display &#13;&#10;Crystal Clear Reception all over the United States. &#13;&#10;
1	price, output quality
0	Small Display, Non Wap
0	The directions were incomplete.  Camera shuts off too soon to save the batteries.
1	Color Display, GSM, Games, Internet, Ringtone Composer, Gadgets and Gizmos Galore
1	Nice Price! Good photo Quality!
0	The battery life is lacking, no other real problems
0	Larger than most digital cameras
0	Tight hinge/difficult to open with one hand, camera only good in bright light
1	Slim, Colorful Covers, Li-Ion Battery, Clear Reception
1	Small size, good pictures
0	Problems with  single envelope feed
0	The only bad thing that we have found about this camera is that is uses battery life rather quickly.
1	Absolutely Outstanding Photo Printing Results.  Easy to Use.
1	Color Screen, Small/Sleek Size, Customization, Colorful Faceplates, Lots of Features, Cheap! $$
0	Price. Display may be hard to read in bright sunlight.
1	individual ink tanks, quality and speed
0	Setup problems, mediocre print speed.
0	No color display, gets hot
1	Big screen, symbian, bluetooth, vga camera, replaceable faceplates, mmc slot
0	Can't see screen in sunlight, poor camera, bad buttons/joystick, frequent disconnects
0	flash, flash, flash, flash 
0	Flimsy, poor call quality, lcd hard to read in daylight. Controls are not user friendly.
1	amazing print quality, beautiful prints
0	the reception in buildings
0	Very poor battery life
1	Small.  Cool swivel lens.
1	Model 1800 1.3mp. Nice pics, Sony CCD,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia change. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	picture quality,battery life,bad games
0	none yet.
0	Scanning, Faxing, Cartridges
0	Not great battery life, Cannot put any lenses on it
0	A little on the noisy side.
1	Free GPS compass, very bright and clear display, sturdy design
1	SMALL, SLEEK, COOL, and it works well.
1	Price, new technology, great prints&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Excellent product and reliability
0	Not as versatile as and SLR for artistic shots
0	Packaging was not up to speed with other Digital Camera Makers
1	can look at photos on camera, basic digital camera, good for beginners
0	Does not light up
1	Printer is cheap, and pretty dependable
1	Size, features, looks
1	Battery life, light and slim, Bluetooth!
0	Needs frequent headclean cycles
1	Excellent Color
0	Combi Customer Service is an answering machine.  Product is not durable.
0	None . 
0	Distance shooting isn't amazing
1	Little, cute, good sound
1	Cheap; efficient; handles all paper types; user-friendly software; delivers high resolution.
0	top loading
1	Features: MP3 player, Camera, Radio, and lots more.
0	large and long, like pumping iron to steer the thing with a kid on board
0	might not find it
1	Great machine at a good price.
1	Fast printing, great photos, good utilities, easy installation
0	takes some experimenting with features
1	Relatively fast, superb text quality
1	lots of features
1	great for copying pictures
1	Takes sharp pictures, loads directly onto my computer
0	Not touch screen, wierd keypad layout.
0	Lack of USB and others
1	Recline feature, excellent support for baby, price
0	None,so far
0	Horrible battery life, turns off randomly and must re-input date/time
0	Limited uploading capability with different browsers.
0	Not network compliant, must buy USB cord.
0	no optical/digital zoom in movie shooting mode, hard-to-use controller, battery dies easily
0	Rough Focus
1	good quality for the money; inexpensive ink replacement cartridges
1	laser quality prints, low supply cost per page
0	bad picture quality/ battery drainage issue
1	High quality, cartridges seem to last forever, convienent.
0	bad reception
1	High quality colors and not too flashy.
0	You have to top it up every 3 months or lose the number,
1	Great camera!  Has many features, and a great software program.
0	needs better storage space thats compact for bottles or sodas. hard to find
0	Poor antenna design, charger jack wears out quickly.
1	Fast, easy, convenient
1	Good price / quality ratio, Sturdy design
0	Adequate Resolution, LCD-only Viewfinder
1	Size, weight, good choice of ring tones, durable, and memo feature is also very useful.
0	Viewfinder not very accurate, LCD display hard to see in high sunlight conditions
0	4x6 pictures are a little difficult to print, my husband has hard time reading menu
1	GREAT PRINT QUALITY
1	Small, Light, Easy to Use, 4 Megapixel!
1	Great stroller!  Compact and durable!
0	Bait and Switch Strategies by CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA
0	Quality of video-clips not as great as pictures.
1	Features, Size, Memory Stick capacity
0	Size, software
0	No MP3 player.  Must remove battery to access MMC card.
1	The HP DeskJet 970Cxi is a very good  to use on some computers.
0	Nonexistent support, Ink dries up with nonuse, 
1	Easy to get connected, No credit needed
0	Flash a little weak.  No sound with movies(not a huge con).
0	Size and ink cartridge cost
1	2x digital,3x optical,IBM 340meg micro-drive, 1.8&amp;quot; TFT display
1	Phone works in weak digital signal areas
1	great photo quality and quick printing
1	Great look, feel, reception throughout USA, sturdy, battery life.
1	Listed above.
1	Design, build quality, battery life, sound quality
1	Ease of use, even a novice like me can get great pix. 
1	Battery Lasts Forever.  Can Do Everything Except The Dishes.
0	Pricey, stiff paper tray and huge scanned file sizes
1	good phone for a newbie to cell phones, easy to figure out.
0	Not great battery life
1	Colour Preview screen, Small Footprint, Smartmedia &amp; CF card Slots, Onboard editing ability, 
0	Very Pricey! smaller under seat storage
1	Affordable
1	Great for any project. bright and clear
1	ok at snapshots
1	real SLR optics and feel, great picture quality, very film-like.
1	Low - price, good output
1	tough useful reliable palm os ong battery life
0	needs a better &amp;quot;finished&amp;quot; tray
1	good looking,sexy, attracts attention, flashy
0	Earpeice volume a wee bit low, shortish talk time
1	Fast printing, and great quality.
0	Single band
1	Palm / Phone, Speakerphone, Lots of software available
0	Delay between shots, eats batteries like popcorn
1	Great pictures, quick download to my PC (USB connector included) 
0	Medium Sized
0	cheesy name and look, no preview screen and no flash.
1	excellent pictures when it works properly
0	LCD Displays Don't Function in Bright Light, Poor Speaker Phone, Data Port Cover
0	if you want quality goods you will have to fork over the dough, this item doesn't come cheap
1	quality, speed
0	Menu system can be a bit confusing, only comes with 8 megs of flash.
1	features & features, easy to program, small, very durable, great support
1	low price
0	It is not as user friendly as other phones I have used.
0	Expensive
1	low cost, software bundle, nice speed and quality
0	Still pricey
1	clear pics, zoom, easy to use
1	small, easy to use, great quality
1	Motion shots.  Auto focus.  Small. The view finder is cool.  Easy to work with.
1	Can't think of any
1	features
0	So small and light- makes difficult to hold on long calls
1	easy to use, low cost, no contracts, no monthly fees
0	VERY FRAGILE (learned the hard way!)
0	none i love it
1	Great picture quality, ease of use, LCD display.
1	Excellent print quality and will print on any paper stock.
1	Excellent quality photos even for beginners, nightshot, infolithium battery
1	See Review Above
1	Price
0	Went crazy WAY too soon.  All messed up.
0	You only get what you pay for.
1	Reclines, Padded seat
0	Very poor reception,signal strength,and poor battery life. Runs hot after 10-15 mins.
0	drains batteries, doesn't come with case
0	Price.
1	no monthly payment
0	can't close the phone when on speaker phone, ugly, plain
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
0	Voice quality is poor.
1	Fast printing, reasonable quality, moderate ink costs
0	don't know of any
1	Rugged case, PTT Capability
1	Great Ink Jet Printer For Basic Computer Users
1	economical, good quality printing, faxing and scanning
0	the only con is i don't have more free minutes to use it!!!!
1	Color screen, analog roaming
1	High resolution, low noise, significantly improved AF, quieter.
0	jerky lcd display, poor serial interface/software
0	Poor quality color printing, can't use rebate
1	Vivid pictures and photographic prints
0	None
0	Somewhat expensive, bulky
1	specs are good
1	Size, faceplates, accessories, games, rings, versatility... etc.
0	rollers may need resurfacing with rubber restorer
1	fast, reliable, high quality
1	Price to quality ratio
1	Good picture quality
0	A hair expensive, even if it has great bang for the buck
0	Price, locks up every so often.
0	No re-chargable batteries or charger supplied in Australia., Only a 16mb card supplied 
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, reliable.
1	It's clear, no roaming charges, &amp; lots of accessories
1	My Disgust
1	Small, Lightweight, Great Picture Quality
0	Expensive ink cartridges
0	needs accessories
0	Bad at photographing movement
0	photo printing is not up to par
1	portable, durable, lightweight
0	WIFI buggy. Battery life is sub par. OS updates infrequently released. Camera flash weak.
1	Small size, attractive design
0	Bad video quality
0	paper always jams, long wait time for printing to start
0	for $35?  none
0	It's heavy, and the software that ships with the camera sucks.
0	Heavy, difficult to maneuver
0	internal antenna, inconsistent earpiece volume, seems much more fragile than the 6190
1	inexpensive, aesthetically pleasing, has the features of more expensive phones
0	external blue light turns on for no reason
1	Perfect for the technically impaired-easy to use, no hook up needed.
1	Takes good pictures
0	limited space,bulky
1	Wirless internet (3G), text messaging, and a camera.
1	Display, good camera, battery life
0	battery life bad and backlight flickers alot
0	Sound quality is terrible,
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	Inexpensive, good print quality
0	I like the size and style of the 8310.
1	Good looking phone, trimode
0	Huge antenna (as opposed to the body) doesn't really deliver huge reception
0	Uses color in like mad!
0	Bad speakerphone engineering, could find a better phone for the same money
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	NOT MANY!  When it works it's OK
1	small &amp; light
0	No flash, slight lens aberration on the edges
1	Great price for great quality!
1	Can't think of one!
0	Drifts into analog mode more than startacs, pricey
0	none
1	no more film or negatives
1	light, decent voice quality, built in speaker phone, comes with two face plates
1	Truly easy to share, high quality rich color photos!
1	light, easy to use....works exceptionally well
1	ease of set up, paper feeds very well, price.
0	minor.
0	batery life,
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	Not many
0	grainy, not enough zoom, built quality, no manual control and uncompress mode
1	Sharp, forgiving (exposure.), easy to operate
1	3 position seat, huge canopy, large storage space
1	Easy to use, good picture quality
1	durable, cute, nice no-frills phone
0	Still high in price for the average buyer, like me.  
1	Cheap - Lots of features for the price
0	It doesn't print with quality.
1	Rechargeable battery, easy to use
1	Price, output
1	Small Size, easy access to functions using the joystick, Bluetooth.
0	Camera needs a few more pixels.
1	many features
0	Size
1	Color copies look pretty good
0	I am now waiting for my fifth replacement.
1	Good picture quality, video out
1	Very colorful displays
0	a little expensive
0	Unreliable camera and poor warranty service by Toshiba.  
0	Occasionaly freezes / NO speakerphone / takes a while to regain a lost signal
0	Not as high-tech as other costlier models. Vibrating ring could be stronger.
0	Does not print photos very well
0	Unreliable quality. Poor battery life. Flimsy construction. 
1	speed, $ for ink refills and price
1	A beautifully designed machine, quiet and efficient.
0	Not the best pictures. I expected better.
0	Buttons are too small, the phone sometimes falls out of its holster
1	Compact, great first digital camera. Many extra features. Reasonable price.
1	Overall good quality pictures
0	Poor design, horrible contacts
1	Easy to use
1	USB, Smart Media card expands storage and transfer options, pictures are crisp and clear
1	Loads and distributes Quickly
0	Turns itself off occasionally
1	good quality pictures, easy to use
1	HP 612 is a really easy digital camera and takes good pictures.
1	Easy to carry - I always have it with me.
1	EXCELLENT choice for digital cameras under $300!
0	For the Photo Enthusiast you will want more manual control.
1	small size, good for family shots 
0	manipulating copier controls (enlarging/reducing) from front panel is cumbersome. 
1	Fast, relatively quiet, excellent print output
1	New Options: Speakerphone, Voice Dialing & a Stronger Signal
0	open face allows it to get smashed
1	Good incoming voice clarity, lightweight, pretty good size color screen.
0	doesn't get have good singal strenght.
0	Should be 15% smaller, no expansion slot , color screen would be way cool.
1	Not too expensive, takes decent pictures.
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Compact, easy to use, flexible
1	This camera is a great high quality camera, takes EXCELLENT pictures
0	Proprietary charging plug, No clock while in call, Poor speaker phone
0	A vinyl case would be a nice standard accessory.
1	unbelieveable quality on canon paper, super fast,excellent tonal range
1	Price, easy set up, excellent print quality
0	Requires REPEATED cleanings, Fussy about paper
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
0	no (internal) rechargeable batteries, no date stamp on pic, exposed view screen
1	It was free!
0	scratches show as case is colored on the external surface. No dedicated alarm clock.
1	Picture quality amazing! 
1	Very lightweight, easy to use, great safety straps, built to last.
0	Largest memory stick is 128MB.  Do not come with a case.  Lots of accessories.
0	a bit large and noisy
0	slow for office use, noisy, can be heavy on ink usage
0	pricey, low-res pics, bulky. wash-out flash
0	too expensive for a toy
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
0	Packed with annoying features - try before you buy
0	Print cartridge (print head) died within a year.
0	speed of printing
0	Only comes with 8MB memory, LCD panel does not rotate, lots of lag.
0	The hands-free kit is of poor quality. But that elsewhere.
1	easy access phone book
1	40 RingTones, Faceplates,By Nokia
0	See description below
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
1	Excellent  signal performance, call quality, battery life
0	Noisy at start up and no USB port.
0	matte paper gets too wet
1	High quality, compact size, easy to maintain
0	none
1	Solid comfortable case, nice screen and awesome features
1	FAST PRINTING - GREAT PRICE
0	Rather bulky
0	software
1	Size, Picture Quality
1	Love affair lasted only a year.
1	Ease of use, small size and reliability
1	Many Many features
1	Low price
0	Menu system can be improved
1	Lightweight, personalizable
0	lose it easy
1	Gorgeous images, loaded with features, cheap floppy disk storage, and no cables or downloads necessary!
0	bulky, processing times between shots, LCD display
0	Paper feeds three or four sheets at a time. A cartridge a month, no joke.
1	Amazing output, extremely quiet, cartridges less expensive then many of the competition.
1	Great Speaker phone. Great Voice dial Feature.  Easy to use.
1	A+ Clarity at top resolutions, many useful and easy settings, easy to learn, 16MB card
1	Compact and digital
0	Dont use it with older operating systems because hp drivers suck.
0	BATTERY LIFE, A BIT LARGE
1	zoom
1	reasonable price, convenience, fair picture quality
0	HORRIBLE signal issues, "quirks"
0	12 - 15 pictures per floppy, but worth it!
0	Cheap keypad, faulty keys, poor configuration
1	great optical zoom, works well in low light conditions, very vivid colors
1	Good photo quality
1	small footprint, saves space, relatively inexpensive.
1	Better camera location than the 8900, Takes good pictures at 640x480
0	menus, lens extension/retraction time
0	slow wap web browsing on the phone
1	value
1	Picture quality is the best, sharpest camera ever made!!
1	Ease of use, image quality
0	Battery life, candy bar design,weak structure,camera blurry, limited memory, buttons hard, slow application
0	No Viewer, LCD Only
1	Great value for the price; user-friendly system; car seat easily attaches to shopping carts
1	Good quality printing, easy to use
1	Price, ease of use, quality of construction and printing
0	a bit expensive, but well worth it
1	Lots of features. Easy to use. Small, but powerful. 
1	Appearance
1	For the money this photo printer is the best I have found, I love it
1	Good printer
0	Doesn't feel like it would survive a fall.
1	Small, Great battery life, Clear reception, Easy 1-touch dialing, Outside Caller ID display
1	none
0	good not great battery, small keypad needs getting-used-to, easy to block reception with hand.
0	unprotected lcd screen, big in size, low effective megapixel capacity
1	Nothing else comes close for the money, a real digital SLR
0	no problems
0	Many parts to keep up with
0	Extremely unreliable.  Mis-designed paper feed mechanism.
0	Paint. Screen at times. COST.
0	lost the service due to plug being struck by lightining.
1	Inexpensive/Fairly easy to operate/Informative help on-line
0	Paper feed problems, flimsy paper tray,design limits printer placement on desk.
1	Great all around product...meets the needs of most people...for pleasure or business...
1	Instant upload, lots of features/modes for price, incredible color capability, sexy design
0	None.
0	no headphone jack (but came with its own Sony Quality stereo Headphones. no 3G
1	light, smooth ride
1	Blazingly fast.
0	Not good printing quality
0	Problems with driver and CF card.
0	can hog large amounts of CPU leading to CPU hang times...  may need to wait for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on low to mid range computers
0	mediocre battery life, slow menus
0	short battery time, somewhat slow - sometimes
0	weak flash, weak macro &amp; price
0	quality
0	A price with looks that can kill. Can be easily scratched and dented.
1	High Rez, Smart Style and Features
0	expensive, itty-bitty basket
0	Battery hungry with lcd on, advanced features take some learning
1	Inexpensive, great print quality, uses little ink per print, rarely ever jams, can print envelops, prints quickly.
0	Ink Cartridges are pricey.
0	Unreliable.  Don't buy unless you plan to get a new phone after one year.
1	price, quality
1	cheap, handy, good entry to digital pics
1	Very cheap, good B/W printing, optional scanner cartridge
1	it has all the advance features you'll ever need &amp; accepts CF Type II
0	Not enough people have this printer
0	Maintenance costs, collaboration
1	Excellent phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
1	Great Price, Can double of Scanner,good resolution, good software package
1	Easy set up and use.
1	user friendly, easy to learn, good quality on-line photos
0	Phone
1	Lots of features, LCD screen
0	screens go out, bad reception
0	Expensive.
0	No USB transfer/ Not twain compatible
1	Easy to use, compact, durable, and relatively cheap.
0	- Proprietary data cable
1	It's an EPSON people! Excellent paper handling
1	Small footprint, print quality
1	Outstanding features and updated technology make this phone a great choice
0	Probably better (more expensive)cameras available for experienced or serious buffs.
0	Seperate Battery for Vibration, not a lot of Nokia color faces
1	Great cheap camera
1	Easy to use.
0	Not support IBM microdrive
1	Easy to use, intuitive design
0	None yet found.
0	COST $$$$$, canopy, basket
0	DIFFICULTY IN PROGRAMMABLE MODE, LIFE OF BATTERIES
1	global access
0	everything else
0	Poor color reproduction, high battery use 
1	Great color display, lots of applications
1	Classy looking, nice fabric patterns, big canopy, reversible handle
0	Sometimes has trouble with print jobs (rarely, though).
0	Low quality, washed out color, pricey
0	weird sounds when printing
0	unable to attach filters or telephoto lenses
1	Easy user interface, great shot quality, flash options, USB interface, records video.
0	none
1	Great image quality, software easy to use
0	Photo print quality, cartridge life
1	It works
0	losing signal turns off keyguard
1	Good RF performance, nokia menu easy to use. Profiles rock! Great battery life.
1	Light weight, durable casing, easy to use and most of all reception
1	Packed with features (esp. for the price), nice display, compact, reasonable price on options.
1	Simple to use some good features
1	Features, and Nextels service
1	Easy to use, high resolution 3.2 MP ,Good picture quality , Affordable price
1	Dependable
1	Decent reception and battery life. Durable.
1	Great printer, scanner and fax
0	Too new for all stores to have ink cartridges, yet.
1	small size; Alarm clock; caller ID on outside; easy to navigate menus; Wireless Web
1	Compact and small, perfect to carry around in a pocket, great pictures, 
1	Inexpensive for features included
1	Impeccable printing quality. Prints with speed and confidence.
1	photo quality is very good
0	Runs through ink fairly quickly
0	Can't think of one
1	Calendar, large phone book capacity (400), small size, rubber side grips, etc.
0	No zoom, no lens cover (might scratch)
0	no zoom
0	Short battery life.
0	a little heavy and bulky, but so are most travel systems
1	Efficient, Reliable, Attractive
1	reasonable price; user friendly camera
1	Bluetooth functionality, Symbian operating system, Reception
0	Kinda Bulky, EXPENSIVE, ho-hum battery life.
1	great reception, great call quality, many cool features
1	See pictures right away.
0	poor quality
0	battery power
1	functional,easy to use
1	Easy to find, easy to get replacement ink.
0	Nikon won't repair it
1	good quality,short video recording,microphone
1	small, lightweight, solid, fast, and versatile
0	charging, battery
1	Slick unit, great features and ease of use
1	Fast printer, very good quality
1	easy to use, sharp pictures, good package
1	Small, Cheap, Fun
0	Reception, Camera
1	Swivel LCD, flash options, great images
0	Scratched the gloss off the photo paper
0	Seems to be a crapshoot whether they work.
0	Very slow
1	Very good price for the features.  Especially the 3x optical zoom.
1	excellent design, lots of features
1	Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
0	Less Nice to the Wallet and Ear
0	Black text quality, not near a laser
0	none
1	Excellent signal Strength, call clarity, and voice dial capabilities
1	display, loud ringer, size, joystick, and easy menu search
1	easy to use
1	compact and sturdy, nice sharp pictures
1	Stylish, maneuverable, lightweight.  Easy to store
0	Works like a cheap printer
0	Prints extremely slowly; low print quality; breaks easily
1	Low ink usage, Decent prints at 600X600 dpi
1	Appearance, Print quality, paper handling. Cheap!
0	basket SUCKS!, wide wheel base, wheels worn down.
1	Size and portability, it also has an excellent battery life.
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use
0	Not compatible with Microsoft XP; 123 batteries expensive.
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
0	None found: no glitches, bunching or misprints, and the software is intuitive and without errors.
0	Battery life is terrible!
0	Poor low-light focusing.  Body too small for larger hands.  Flimsey feeling battery door.
1	easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Full feature set, easy to use, value.
0	weak batt, no cumulative call timer
0	Analog external display, bulky, thick, design
0	The camera can use a litter better resolution
0	Not the best quality photos, a little slow with text
1	5 Megapixel.  3 shot burst.  Manual control.  Best Pro-sumer digital camera.  Good battery performance.
1	excellent photo quality and easy to use
0	Vibrating ringer, reception, antenna, shape
1	Cheap, pretty dependable
0	Very Slow
1	Excellent picture quality, flexible adjustment capability, overall feeling of durability, battery life impressive.
1	Excellent Quality Pictures, Smart Design, Extremely Easy to Use
1	A camera to carry with you at all times.
1	Price, ease of use, quality of photos
0	Eats batteries - though this largely depends on battery. buy rechargeable with recharger
1	Small, Stylish and easy to use
1	Size, picture color, zoom, photo display(very clear!), 2 hr. battery charge
1	Image quality, accurate auto-sensors
0	battery life is low
1	Turns easily, stable, comfortable, rugged, reliable.
1	quality
0	Flimsy buttons, a bit slow on boot (very minor)
0	Plastic Tray Gets Scratched Too Easily When Folding It.
1	low cost, easy to use
0	You can not download music to use as a ringtone.
1	Very good print output quality and inexpensive.
1	See Review Above
1	Besides being the best phone, it also is a great MP3 player, texting, etc.
0	none
1	Slim, compact, outside display
1	Easy to use, quick to fold, great infant seat, seems sturdy
1	Great images, great features,great storage media, great battery, great features!
1	Lots of options and extremely durable. Direct-connect is a huge money saver
1	nice quality output (especially on coated paper), quiet
1	easy to use, takes clear pictures
0	No USB connection (but take advantage of the free USB card reader coupon)
0	no AC adapter, 8 MB (only) card
0	Need more zoom and IBM 340 Mb Microdrive
0	None that I'm aware of! This camera's great!
1	takes excellent pictures; expandability; easy to use
0	Lens barrel visible through optical viewfinder.
0	Ink prices are way too high
1	size, picture quality, software, options, zoom, flash, 3 megaPixels
1	Small, easy to setup, simple software package. Cheap replacement cartridges. Inexpensive printing over time.
1	Quality, Style
1	Takes good pictures
1	Everything
1	Download ringtones and pictures, very customizable.
1	Awesome camera!  8x optical zoom, .avi capability, swivel lens and MORE!
1	Superb Quality
1	Light, easy to use
0	Expensive, heavy, small baskets
0	Color cartridge not stocked at all stores
1	3.5oz, Caller ID outside/inside, extremely clear, sleek and stylish
0	LCD screen eats batteries. Included memory card is small.
0	lack of optical viewfinder, expensive battery and memory stick
1	Good looks and excellent sound quality
0	I cant think of one.
1	Tons of options, and great quality, motion video recording, floppy disk storeage, see the pict and erase if you do not like!
1	small, good features
0	Battery could have more standby and talk time.
0	short battery life, limited options
1	Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
1	Compact Ease-of-use Standard AA batteries
0	The way it charges sucks.  Batteries over-priced.  Few ring tones.  Very slow startup.
0	not all the features of a SLR camera
0	Takes a few seconds for the picture to be taken., 
1	Price, lots of pictures.
0	Ink is  a little bit on the expensive side.
0	Slow between takes to get next picture
0	no dc input, usb connection only, no picture effects
0	inconvenient crotch strap, difficult-to-lower seat-back
1	clarity, battery length
1	Slim Design, great volume
1	tetris &amp; solataire
0	Loud, Poor Photo Quality, Rapid Ink Usage
1	Looks kind of cool
1	Speed and Quality
0	Internal Errors
1	Size and display
1	Best quality output, fast, smooth operation.
1	Easy to use
0	Blurry low-light images, weak LCD, shadowing
0	somewhat bulky in size 
0	sometimes feeds more than one sheet of paper
1	Workhorse, never complains
1	More compact than most doubles
1	Light weight, Very maneuverable, Very Attractive, Adjustable, Easy to clean, Accessory extras, Price.
0	have to plug into the computer to view photos
0	Very few features. No data interface. Small. :)
0	Phonebook support, battery life, SMS support, buggy BT
0	Memory Stick Pro cards are expensive,   P&amp;L guarantee is only 90 days, 
1	OK Printer for student/1st time user 
1	Great colors, features 
1	Sleek design, color-changing covers, light and compact, impressive features, long battery life
0	None whatsoever
0	minor issues regarding paperhandling with thick paper.
1	Cool zoom, night shots, lazer focusing, 
0	Difficult to turn phone off and on
1	great print quality
1	Nice idea
0	none (compared to 8860)
0	DUST INSIDE lens. Barrel distortion.
0	No real zoom,slow shutter
1	Excellent quality and resolution&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to operate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great support/warranty terms&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Strong signal, many ringtones, can download own pictures and create ringtones into phone
0	Maybe it's kind of big, but that's no tragedy.
0	Hard to install
0	Crabcatch game reminds me of my wife.
1	Inexpensive.
0	High price, Cheap phone
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	Cheap price and good quality.
0	none
1	Great performance, nice features, great headset, easy to use, takes decent pictures.
0	Do not use Cingular. They will not communicate with you.
1	ok pics, big enough that it's hard to lose
0	expensive
0	Don't Change batteries, Cost, Color screen could be better , Hard to see in daylight
1	size, durability, features, and very user friendly
1	Light weight, thin profile, good battery life
0	Software is not compatible with WinXP
1	2x optical zoom, internal lens cover, basic and easy to understand controls
0	Doesn't have a flash
0	Time to auto-focus, 2 independant software packages for some reason
0	delay between when u press the button and when it actually takes the pic
1	Resonably priced, great quality, decent speed...
0	Can't hear it ring, Scratched easy
1	Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory stick media, movie mode with sound.
1	great item,great price.
0	No manual features.  AC power supply is an option that should have been included.
1	impressive macro capability, feature rich, really nice shots!
0	Illegal Bait and Switch Sales Practices by CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT, CAMERA ZONE and DISCOVERY CAMERA
0	size but it has a keyboard - none really.
0	ring tones and games are only saved on the phone,
0	Infernally slow DOT4 interface, poor paper feed, extended startup/shutdown time, tendency to mangle envelopes
1	Best available quality for the price. 
0	bulky
0	Price and lens cap cover not attached to the camera.
1	Easy, cheap (at first), reliable
0	Only prints a few pages before it jams up
1	small, light, compact, good print quality
1	Quick, crisp copies
0	Users' Manual, limited flash range
0	No video recording capability
0	battery life, ease of use
1	Sturdy, easy to use, safe
1	Pictures do print out very nice
0	Ergonomic deficiency and color shift at extreme wide angle.
1	Great photo quality for this level of camera.  Easy to use.
0	No normal ring tones, 12 characters for names, pictures with camera only, geared towards kids/teens
0	The hissing background noise. Low maximum volume. Vibration not very good.
1	Quiet, Fast, Good Quality Printing. The HP Name
1	handy, nice mp3 player, fun toy
0	Ringtones are limited.
1	Ease of use
1	Easy to use; Compact & Lightweight; No antenna; Color Screen with animation!
0	Hey HP, double check your software.
0	No lens cover,  no case
0	Unreliable
0	The "bezel" and little flap on the front does not stick.
1	Easy to break down
1	cheap - $50 / good quality print/ individual color cartridges
0	Difficult to steer &amp;amp; fold, heavy
1	takes good pictures
1	price, quality prints
1	Fast, no paper jams, prints clearly 
1	Easy for beginners, floppy disk storage
1	compact, easy to use, good feature set
0	Print Speed
0	Battery life, ringer volume
0	slow focusing, small displays
0	Delay between shots, focusing, tricky white balance
1	rugged and reasonable
1	Great Price, Nice Size, Plenty of Features, Clear, Quality Sound
0	awkward vibrate mode; can't program different rings for diff callers; not web enabled
1	A cheap color printer w/ 2400x1200 dpi
1	Inexpensive, high quality
0	Expensive for what you actually get, bulky in size/weight.
1	Great Camera.  Great pictures taken.  Large viewfinder.
0	The car seat gets outgrown by 3 months!!
0	Pricey.
0	shuts off by itself, flips open by itself, locks up during calls...  there's more...
0	Material quality not quite up to Nokia standards.  Quirky but not ugly styling.
0	HP corporate anti-customer policy
1	Bright color screen, MMS, polyphonic tones, decent size & weight
0	Small size makes it awkward to dial, program.
1	This Nokia retains the user-friendly set-up plus the convenience of a worldwide phone.
1	Easy to operate/makes great pictures
0	no sound when the shutter is released
1	Razor sharp pictures, long battery life, plenty of features and a low price.
1	Great camera!
0	None!
0	battery/CF covers easily breakable, short battery life, shutter lag
1	easy to use, basic features, text messaging, free phone
1	Reception, Battery Life,Speaker, User Friendly
1	It is stylish and sleek and internally, it has a color screen!
1	Clear crisp printing. Very affordable.
0	poor paper feeder
0	2000 is already on the market?
1	Separate ink tanks, fast speed, cheap
1	IF YOU DON'T HAVE A LOT OF ROOM THIS IS THE PRODUCT FOR YOU
1	Lots of decent features, great battery life, seems well made
1	the size, 5Mpixels, VGA-video, the ergonomy
0	Ink gets on the rollers and smears&amp;#13;&amp;#10;on paper. Low dot-per-inch resolution.
1	10x zoom, image stabilizer, accurate colors, sharp lens
0	plain design, speed
1	No wires.  Welcome to the future.
0	Short battery, smallish memory, movies have no sound, slow flash recharge
0	No zoom, rough on batteries.
0	sometimes loss of signals
1	Beautiful Screen, easy to use, packed with features.
1	Low price, good picture quality, ease of use.
1	Great Pictures &amp;amp; Room for Creativity
1	EVERYTHING ELSE
1	reception, size, camera, everything
1	Options, Capabilities, Value
1	Excelent close-ups
1	price, features
1	Prints beautifully!
0	The prices are somewhat high.
1	Good image quality, easy point and shoot mode, multiple options.
0	Poor Button Reactivity
0	pictures have small, little lines through them, and pricey.
1	Takes great pix, tech support came through
0	Slow timing within the shooter speed and the picture taking in the Automatic mode.
1	Small size, stainless steel casing, usb computer connection, looks.
0	camera breaks, Agfa does nothing except tell lies
0	Poorly written drivers, slow user interface
1	Lightweight, excellent colors, sharpness, external flash hotshoe
1	little
1	Ergonomics; Sound quality; Reception; Aesthetically pleasing; User interface; Trimode CDMA
0	Buggy software, fragile beltclip, non-existent battery life.
1	Little Joystick is Convenient, Calender, Appointment Setter, Easy to Use, Voice Dialer, Long Battery Life
0	Plastic feels a little flimsy
1	Excellent sound from earpiece; elegant design; beautiful (if not superlative) screen
1	Superb Auto mode, manual features, four megapixels
1	Very easy to use.  Takes great pictures.
0	Software is a little lacking
0	not many accessories
0	no USB, only 8MB included
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
0	none
0	low powered flash, snap door, durability, reliability
1	easy setup; easy to use; significant rebate
0	limited features
1	Color screen, brew apps, nice features.
0	bulky , FRAGILE
1	Prints fast, easy to use, inexpensive
0	Price, Price and Price, battery life.
0	need to have 2 batteries
1	Compact Size, Designed Well, Full of Features, IR Port
1	Easy to Use, Good Battery, Good Reception
1	very good reception i.e. signal strength. Very good battery life
0	lousy battery, droped calls, terrible phone
1	Huge Display, Rugged, Super Battery Life, T9 Text Recognition, Packed with Features
0	Blurry and out of focus in low light, barrel sticks out too far.
0	Only the basket which is flimsy, doesn't hold a lot, and is hard to access.
0	A bit Large
1	Customer Support
0	extending antenna
0	to big, not enough features
1	Picture Quality &amp;amp; Software Bundle are excellent.
1	small size, great quality pics
1	good for its time
1	Good quality, excellent customer support.
1	Excellent pictures, compact size, easy to use
1	Design, Battery life, picture quality, LCD screen, features
1	Solid built, Radio, SMS and more....
0	Ringtones can not be added, and accessories are limited
1	Reliable; less expensive and easier to configure than buying individual components
1	Small screen, short battery life
0	Takes a long time to print a page, noisy, several steps to install.
0	Ringer volume WAY too low, poor user interface
0	Slightly Heavy.  Not as cool looking as other cameras.
0	No Date/Time Stamp Display, Does Noty display Min talked while still talking
0	Head cleaning is loud and slow, USB operation can be unreliable.
0	Uses up batteries, disconnecting from computer produces errors.
1	Small enough to fit in your pocket
1	Tough construction, small size, lens quality, pleasing design
1	EVERYTHING
0	Could be a little more "attractive," not a must though.
0	eats batteries
0	sometimes the network port needs to be reset (not an issue for most home users)
1	Great photo quality, affordable price, not a space-hog.
1	Small, optical viewfinder, good image quality
0	Poor Quality, No Flash, No LCD display.
0	you have to change tanks between color and B/W
0	Has switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory card drains battery quickly.
1	good sound quality, when it works.
0	Little slow.
1	Outstanding pictures outdoors, nice colour, handy user interface
0	large unit, costly ($2500)
1	Great photo quality
1	Everything!
0	initial price
1	Compact, Lightweight, great features.
0	Reliability
1	Simple phone to use. Doesn't need the bells & whistles like others.
1	Small, lightweight and Cute
1	Good RF performance.
0	no flash on camera
1	Good colour, lowest price megapixel camera
0	Battery life and no floppy disk to hold photos 
1	fast, great color
1	Great output, Quiet
1	5 Megapixel, Full Auto, Full Manual
0	Reception, cost of accessories
0	freezes up sometimes
1	small, light, nice colour display
0	Power button placement, macro mode sensitive
1	Excellent picture quality, comes with great software, floppy disks, excellent LCD.
0	Low resolution
0	the cover for the plug ins was hard to open
0	Sometimes not reliable.
0	Too large for some and too small for others, somewhat obsolescent due to newer phones
0	Uses ink quickly, often prints poorly 
0	Hard to read display, inconvenient volume control, illogical menu structure
0	no instructions
0	Sunshade on stroller could be larger
0	reliability
0	Not many visual features, Need higher capacity memory sticks for hi-res shots
1	Versatility - fax, copy, scan with available scanner cartridge.
1	Small, Great pics, good battery life
0	sometimes crashes, power connector doesn't always set right, interface awkward in places
1	Great shots right out of the box
1	High quality, Well designed driver software, quiet
0	IF you are in Kansas City - it dosen't work.
1	QUALITY construction, COMPACT, OUTSTANDING PHONEBOOK..  User Friendly PERIOD
0	No web support, short battery life
1	Photo-quality at a reasonable price. Quiet.
0	There is somewhat of a learning curve with the advanced controls.
0	Paper feed issue... the quick HP rememdy doesn't work either
1	Great color; resolution; quiet performance; speed; duplexing; HP quality
0	Large footprint, buy your own cable, HUGE transformer on power cord
0	none
1	Price and a name you can trust
0	no AC adapter, no case to protect lens, only 2 MB to store pictures
0	Purchase price, service, flaky-ness, obsolescence
1	Size, solid construction, looks, performance, features
0	Not all that intuitive. Autofocus sometimes doesn't. Lo-res video.
1	All-in-one Phone-PDA combination
0	The toner cartridge is difficult to find.
1	Size, easy to use, many features
0	Requires diligence to buy and refill minutes regularly.
1	looks good, has speakerphone, decent music quality
0	Lots of things to figure out if you want to get past the basics.
0	Not good for photos (including B&amp;W)
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
1	Good sized, separate ink cartridges
1	inexpensive
0	Using standard quality paper, ink can smudge until dry (which only takes a few seconds)
0	A little larger than some more-recent cell phones, no Internet features
0	none
1	Low cost.
1	A fabulous stroller for 2 either close in age or varying ages!!!!
1	Design, digital reception, size and weight
1	Menus are easy to navigate. It has bluetooth capabilities and it's from the late 90's!
0	Expensive Cell time and sometimes no signal
0	No carrying case or accesories included, despite the hefty price 549.99!
0	A bit too loud
0	Standard Ringers, Instruction Manual
0	Difficulty feeding photo paper. It will sometime grab multiple sheets
1	It works great!
0	Only 1200 x 1200. Have to switch ink cartridges.
1	Excellent quality printing and never fails.
0	No web access. :(
1	Handles like a 35mm,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Control flexibility/layout,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Histogram&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Rechargeable batteries,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Memory stick/card flexibility&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	ink runs out quickly
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	no video clips
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Very good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
1	Slick look. Small form factor. Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web
1	Separate cartridges for each color, prints nice borderless photos.
0	seems a little fragile
1	&amp;quot;instant&amp;quot; web shots, great lens, convenient floppies
0	Extremely poor construction quality and customer service. Poor signal strength and reception.
0	Haven't found any cons at all.
0	Outdated now, no fancy features
1	Great quality, good price, nice software, AA batteries 
1	Great pictures.  
0	on/off button a little hard to press, but it works.
1	Loads of Features; Great Image Quality; Energy Efficient
0	Could be a little easier to use, lens cap keeps falling off!!
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
0	Slightly slower than norm recycle times between shots, can't use regular alkalines with LCD.
0	Ink cartridges are pricey
1	Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, color printing available.
0	overheats, drops calls
1	easy to use, light weight, durable, quality pictures
1	Two-way feature, slick look, durable.
1	excellent photos, feature rich, heavy.
0	none so far
0	Does not come with a cable, sometimes ink does not dry correctly on photo paper
1	Good battery life
0	IMPOSSIBLE TO MANEUVER, TOO LONG, HEAVY, no parent cup holder, not enough shade in front
1	Excellent Colors, sharp pictures (look like film quality), easy to use.
0	not a true 3.3 megapixel cam
0	Setup - possible hitch.
1	Full feature/function packed phone
0	Unable to print at all if one cartridge is empty. 
1	High quality,easy, and quiet
1	Great pix, easy to use
0	Expensive toner, slightly cheap feeling plastic parts, low-tech support site
1	Jack of all trades...
1	Handles beautifully, lightweight
0	Cost of printing per page. Operation of printer driver.
0	Eats ink, clogs constantly, paper feed jams, expensive, proprietary ink cartridges.
1	&lt;b&gt;Babies will be crusin in his baby&lt;b&gt;
0	Needs a bigger Compact-flash card.
1	Light-weighted and durable enough for even the most amateur of photographer.
1	Great features
0	Feels a little cheap, not the best quality, mere 8MB card 
1	Small, Light, All the Features you need and then some
0	price, want to use it all the time!
1	speakerphone, lightweight, very small, loud ringtones
1	Cheap, basic PDA features
0	Can be slow and seems to inhale the ink.
0	No Optical Viewfinder, No Carry Case
0	horrible message alerting system, the inherent dialing problem, ....
1	Lots of Scene modes, great pictures outdoors
1	Excellent software to accompany camera
1	Sturdy, user-friendly, convenient removable infant seat
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
1	Selectable ring tones for different people
1	Attractive, compact design.  Easy to see blue backlighting.
1	good camera for the price, can get 4 meg memory sticks for it
1	Superb rendering of text, very good graphics
0	No storage area.  Wheels sometimes difficult to turn.
1	small size
1	Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
0	Tone control buttons on side, bad location.
1	Easy to Use.  Great Crisp Clear Pictures
0	a little high priced,battery doesn't last as long as the quoted
1	Picture effects, floppy disk, zoom, lens cover
0	Hard to read display
0	Good luck trying to find more fugi rechargeable batteries. Memory cards are expensive.
1	Compact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	In reality, it's a piece of crap (pardon my French).
0	Nothing!!! Maybe the fact that there are no built-in games??
0	Menuing for card media printing is cumbersome.
1	Great image &amp; color quality, any length movie, solid construction
1	COLOR Copy &amp;amp; Scan &amp;amp; Print in a single HP Product
0	Must refill cartridges before they dry out or else they will be rejected
0	display is small, no one touch vibrate.
1	A great phone with a camera and MP3 player!
0	Printer driver (Mac) not the best, expensive cartridges.
1	Long battery life, good size phone, great reception
0	poor imported picture quality, poor style compared to newer phones
0	monthly charges add up
0	Size
1	*Superb Image Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Quality, Materials&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Bright LCD&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Strong Battery
0	get it now!
0	Can't get past level 14 in "push push" game, and can't download ANYTHING!
1	Size, ease of use, ability to link to PC for backup and faxing.
1	An overall good company.
0	None
1	style, many cool features
1	Very easy to use
0	Takes a long time to warm up, color copies are slow, ink cartridges expensive
0	High Price
0	small capacity ink cartridges, printer cable not included 
0	Can't talk & Charge, horrible call quality, Just bad in general.
0	everything but print quality, bad bad bad
1	Works great as a standalone copier.  But the functionalities are great.
0	Short battery life, only comes with 8MB Card
1	Great handling.  Easy folding.  Very well constructed.
1	light, compact, easy to fold, great for travel
1	Easy access to ink and paper trays
0	Can't find rechargable batteries now; not truly manual adjustment
0	no more NP-80 battery, docking cradle costs extra
0	RINGER, VOLUME, RECEPTION, Battery Life
0	Bad longevity, and poor value for the money
1	stylish and light, easy to use, full range of personalization
1	long battery,loud and clear.
1	prints well, quickly
1	Fantastic image quality
0	Ink cartridges don't work properly, construction seems shoddy.   
1	Small, easy to personalize, secure
1	Small Well built
0	Some options are inoperative
0	No games, Wireless Web
0	annoying Mac software, networkability
1	little camera, big power
1	Affordable, Reliable
1	Fast, neat, top quality print on regular paper
1	Trustworthy customer service, excellent print and picture quality
1	Lots of good features and runs of cheap, simple AA batteries.
1	Plenty of customisable covers; great games; voice- and one-touch dialing; durable; vibrating alert; internal antenna
1	Fantastic photo quality! Able to run without being connected to a computer.
1	Lightweight, great screen resolutoin, logical menu and navigation.
0	None noted.
1	Very easy to use,  built in flash, auto focus.
1	Nice,good size, fun games, great features
0	no side buttons, a little thick
0	Useless on uneven pavement.  Poor quality.
0	No Bluetooth..aargh!
1	does almost anything
0	Digital service areas are still growing - analog can cost you extra money
1	Fast at both text and color printing
0	Not enough towers
1	Small Size, Cool Design.
0	Incompatible with Windows 98!  Poor service
1	Cheap and Small
0	no viewfinder == unusable
0	Everybody wants to borrow it.
0	None, for some the antenna may be a problem.
1	Floppy disks, movies, great photo quality, timer, tons of modes and features
0	none
0	Not so good color quality compared to equally priced Canons etc. and EXPENSIVE ink cartridges.
0	No features that stand out
0	Jams, jams, jams...and a MAJOR problem withthe print heads.
0	Speakerphone difficult to use with background noise.
1	Awesome quality printing
0	Price
0	Speed of printing, Ink consumption, scanning error, photo-print software
0	Battery life, battery life, more memory
0	THE HEADPHONE JACK! Static.
0	Large footprint. Be ready to give up some shelf or counter space. 
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	Image quality not as good as some other brands, cheap feel to body.
0	AC power adapter not included
0	paper jams in some printers-not mine-rare
0	none
0	died prematurely, slow to get started
1	Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
0	Not an ergonomic keyboard, SIM-locked in my case
0	Ink usage;clogged heads, reliability may be an issue w/ extensive use.
0	Instruction Manual, difficult to learn.  
1	Cheap
0	712C has no USB, cartridges cost money!
1	Looks great, clear speakerphone, color LCD, and reliable reception and battery
0	Goes through batteries rather quickly.
0	pricey, holster problem, can't distinquish difference between ringer ID & text messages
0	Indoors pictures not always the best.
1	I would say the biggest benefit is a business look with a youthful appeal.
0	Uses more ink than most other printers.
0	Bad battery life, plug location
1	good cost
0	Expect to spend some time if you want to learn it all.
1	Signal strength, ease of use, color display, camera, ring functions, style
1	Everything
1	It looks ....OK.
0	Optical Viewfinder Is Not Accurate For Close Ups, No Uncompressed Capture Mode
0	Slow download - no macrofocus
1	Cheap
1	High-quality, neat-looking documents
0	A little complicated for the amateur user, more expensive than other comparable cameras.
1	Lightweight, Reclines, Comfortable
0	Price. Canon should have included Microdrive
0	The PUPPY  Makes Tons Of  Noise! If You Care?
1	Price
1	Easy to use, Excellent picture quality,
1	Good reception. Looks pretty.
1	easy set up, does what it says it will.
0	fragile antenna, that awful low battery signal
0	Everything
0	To print one picture in &amp;quot;Best&amp;quot; mode takes approximately two minutes.
1	Sharp, clear pictures.  Ease of use.  Quality. Tons of options.
0	Ergonomics
0	SLOW and mine may have defective print heads
1	Small, tri-mode, very attractive.
1	Lost of options for the money.
0	none really.
0	Maybe the price could be 400 dollars.
0	Blurry pictures, battery dies ---&gt; picture lost,  
1	Has a digital display screen
0	None
1	Ease of use, Picture quality
1	Styling, performance and features, external Caller ID
0	none
1	High quality printing, in black and white, or color.
1	Very Inexpensive! Multifunctional and Esy to Set Up!
0	No voice dialing
1	Small size, 2.0 megapixels, and long battery life.
1	One rate plan compatible, dual band dual mode phone, call I.D. call waiting
0	No zoom and therefore poor for many scenery pictures
1	Great value; excellent design, features, size; ease of use; performance
1	There is always a network problem.
1	Get value,and what you expect (demand)for your money
0	Won't work well with Avantgo, lower-res Palm screen (160x160)
0	Print Quality
0	The screen dims considerably after a period of time making reading it a real chore
1	Cheap
0	Already broke
1	small, good battery life, good resolution
1	lightweight, dependable, excellent clarity
1	Image Quality, Complete Package, Ease of use
0	Have to buy extra memory to get most out of resolution capabilities.
1	quality product, never a problem with it
0	Very inconvenient in DOS
1	Sturdy, well designed, fully featured.
1	small, robust, great picture quality, good lens, very flexible
0	NEVER WORKS
1	None - buy anything else
1	Printing quality for both photos and type is excellent
0	low battery life, low memory, and does not sync to outlook
0	Number of Keys required to press to view address book
0	Very limited use- no flash, too small capacity
0	Battery Time, Phone Heats Up, Reception in certain areas
1	Longer-lasting rechargeable battery, video clips and stills, floppy disks usable with many computers
0	Not Web enabled, Battery tricky to remove, Expensive
1	Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
1	Excellent set of features! Battery life. Small size. Flexibility.
1	multiple functions (printer, fax, copier), easy to install and use
1	Beautiful design... rugged... choc-ful-of features...
1	Not any more
0	Expensive, easy to damage, cuts off alot
0	Color printing takes longer
1	Small size, voice dialing, great options, bluetooth, free at AT&Twireless.com
1	Easy to use; downloads quickly; takes excellent photos.
0	Poor voice quality
1	Easy to Use;, Comes with cords and software
1	Small, Light, Portable
1	Absolutely None
0	Easy to lose.
1	GPS 911, great sound, loud ringtone, compact
1	Small, Battery Life
1	One of the lightest phones on the market today. Packed with features. including voice command.
1	High quality printouts, beautiful graphics, Quiet operation, Easy to set up.
0	battery sits very loose, low frills
1	easy to use, great quality photos, reasonably priced
0	You can not complete the call most of the time.
1	Inexpensive, upgradable
0	Small starter Memory Stick, no physical viewfinder
0	antenna form factor, usre interface, overall design, battery life.
0	memory stick, durability, flash temp too blue even after fix
0	Lousy reception, long boot times, software "hangs", simply an unreliable cell phone
0	none
0	poor quality
0	Battery Life, Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom
1	Great Picture Quality, ease in use
0	Hard to find, seat cover would be nice
0	Should have come with NimH batteries
0	none
0	non-alphebatized phone book, no games, bad rings
0	None
1	Superb photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, individual ink tanks, can use any paper
1	Printout quality is great, speed is good
1	Loud ring
1	Great image quality, Carl Zeiss lens with 5x optical zoom and manual focusing ring
0	more expensive than many others
1	6X Optical Zoom, 3.3MP Images, Movie Mode with Sound, Fuji Brand
1	takes good images
0	Battery life
1	easy to install and prints nice and clear
1	battery life,  service,  durable(dropped it many times), excellent features, easy to use.
0	Cheap Feel, Battery Life
0	Too small, it is hard to push a button it is so small
1	Small size, UI, Features, battery life
1	Good price, easy to use for beginners
0	still not as good a quality as film
1	Easy to use, cheap, durable, good print quality, fast black and white printing, color compatibility...
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good picture quality
1	stylish, reversible handle, easy to fold
1	Great image quality, great auto metering, one touch photos.
1	good color, quiet, print preview
1	None
0	Uses many batteries if you utilize the display option, has no zoom capabilities.
1	compact; easy-to-install; pretty decent quality
0	Clumsy Battery Door
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, good pictures
1	Dirt Cheap Initial Cost, 1 Year Warranty, Easy Setup, Good Print Quality
1	Decent quality printing, low cost of printer, free glossy/photo paper.
0	Ink cartridges are pretty expensive
0	Build quality not for the long haul
0	It's not worth your penny.
1	Small, light and generally user friendly.
0	can't take short movies
1	Loaded with features, easy to find accessories.  Camera available.
0	not sure if the problems I see are related to this camera or not.
1	Terrific photo quality, great support, easy to use
0	has some seriously poor thought out design issues.
1	Walkie Talkie, Speaker phone, Battery life
1	Pro&amp;#146;s&amp;#9;- Simple to set up and use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	No "Take Me Out To The Ballgame."
0	Not upgradeable for more storage!
0	no WAP browser, speaker phone, or dedicated volume keys, power button hard to use
1	Ease of use, low maintance, highly reliable
0	Sleek design, battery life
0	external buttons, recharge cradle, menu structure
1	GREAT PICTURES. THEY ARE SO CLEAR. 
1	good gift for someone you hate
1	Great for close up
1	Ease of use for digital beginners; 16 MB Smartmedia card included
1	really small and sexy
0	No preview screen
1	Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
1	Quality photos, 3.5&amp;quot; diskette media storage, 14x zoom, steady shot, auto-focus
0	No zoom
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
0	Buttons are too small
0	Dosen't take action pictures, no telephoto lens available.
0	A lot of directions to read.
0	no af assist illuminator, 16 MB Flash card, slight shutter lag
1	Cheap
1	Baby's are pretty heavy. You don't have to carry them.
1	Easy to use,reasonable price range,good picture quality,viewer on camera
1	Great Pictures
1	Quality, size, weight
1	Perfect for on-the-go
1	Compact, excellent photo quality, weather proof, user friendly  , 
1	clear printing, paper doesn't jam, reasonably priced toner &amp; drum, easy to use
1	light weight
1	Good software, high quality, unbeatable price
1	Great quality, lots of software options
0	Not for casual users, Pictures need post-processing, price, Nikon Capture 3 costs extra.
0	Nextel will nickle and dime you, it's pretty large, no graphical web browsing.
0	Expensive initial investment
1	Great Pictures for the Cost.
0	Price
0	Uses slightly-slower Smartmedia memory
0	Text output not exceptional or fast, Mac driver lacks saved settings and ink tank utility
1	The screen is big and bee-yoo-tee-ful!  Picture quality is surprisingly awesome for a cell phone.
0	Noise, ink sprayer clogs, devours ink
0	No hard copy pictures
0	A printer for business and home users more concerned about quality than speed&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Fast, quality printing for any project
0	a little pricey
0	Short-lived since it only lasted one year, two months.
0	Hard to turn phone on -- lots of options
1	Long Battery Life, User friendly features, 
0	poor flash performance, inconsistent results, especially in difficult lighting conditions
0	none..yet
0	No cons unless cost is a major issue
0	shape, not the sharpest quality
1	Sharp lens, portable, manual controls, hot-shoe, LCD, ISO 50, battery
1	Size, Picture Quality, Looks and Style
0	Ink is expensive, but that's not the printer's fault...oh wait, its an HP!
1	Clarity, Battery Life, Size!
1	PDA and phone integration, color screen
0	no battery life;bad signal
0	none
0	Low earpiece volume, poor menu keys, low battery life, fragile
1	Price
1	Easy to use and versatile.
0	Expensive, hidden costs, no touch screen, awkward navigation
0	Sub-par voice recognition, weak battery life, a bit pricey.
1	none
0	Ring tones, wallpapers etc.
0	The 2200 is in short supply- and 7 inks aren't cheap!
0	picture close ups could be better, no thru lens viewing
0	Size of pictures and erase features are not what I would like.
1	Great compact design, keyboard just the right size, lots of features!
0	too big for trunk, seat does not fit on shopping carts
1	Great Quality printing,  Pictures print out very good
1	Easy to Use, Decent Battery Life, Inexpensive
1	Great Battery Life.
1	Lightweight, convenient USB interface, MulitMediaCard slot
0	Power button somewhat hard to get at, need to pay attention to not covering speaker
1	Great color rendition; clear, crisp photo quality
1	Sleek, improved from 4400, better battery life, good screen, belt clip improved
0	design, complex software design, unintuitive pc software, phone instablity
0	Ink cartridges are expensive. Faded Economy mode Build quality is shocking
0	Slow, bit of an ink monster!
0	big
1	dependability, price, ease of use
0	Electric Viewfinder, Battery, Ergonomics, Resolution, Cost  &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Very poor photo printing, looks like old printers do, Grainy
0	Edges of copies may bend on output tray
1	Both seats recline, easy to use
0	Ink sucker, mechanical difficulties.
1	Great photo quality, Easy to install, Easy to use, VERY Durable!
0	Weak Battery
0	handle height, recline and basket
0	None Known
1	The DIGITAL camera offers strong magnification!, 
1	Easy to learn to use
0	A bit large to carry
1	Solid feel, easy operation
1	Model 1800 1.3mp. Nice pics, Sony CCD,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia change. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Small, lightweight, excellent battery life.
0	4MB memory stick, useless mpeg movie mode, no infolithium battery included, slow flash recharge rate
0	pricey
0	a bit too smooth and rounded which is why I've dropped mine a few times.
0	Startup Speed
1	lightweight, easy to maneuver, cleans up great
0	Battery life, picture resolution, lighting problems, sturdiness of camera
1	- better than the handspring treo 300
1	Great bang for the buck -- manual options and low cost
0	None
0	unreliable company dcprodirect
0	Small paper hold in back, occasional lockups.
1	Great Quality, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
1	Sleek all metal magnesium alloy body, internal focus 4x optical zoom lense.
0	lack of functions, confusing interface
0	none
0	heavy
1	No additional hard/software needed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
0	charging problems, memory problems (lost phone #s)-frequently loses power, fragile
0	Fragile and expensive to replace parts
0	Still an Ink Jet.
1	Very Good Price
0	red eye issues, minor image softness, rechargeable batteries and charger not included
0	Fades and falls apart
0	kinda bulky
1	Easy to use, nice entry level digital camera for the price
0	Everything about the customer service and the agreement was of the poorest quality.
1	floppy disk memory medium
1	Inexpensive
1	Small, sleek, light; just my titanium girl style. And packed with features too!
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
0	Confusing at first, buttons on the outside, annoying/frequent sound when battery is low.
0	Pricy, Bulky, Short Battery Life
0	Size, useless features.
1	Great Print Quality, Speedy SPEEDY Printing, 4 cartridges instead of 2
0	Ink Cartridges are a bit expensive
0	It just plan stinks
1	Good reception
1	great pictures; ease of use
0	buttons too small for my small fingers, not intuitive, difficult navigation, confusing menu nesting
0	Menu system is awkward, IRda support in Windows 2000/XP?
1	Easy to use, Compact, It has a flash
1	easy to use
0	None
0	$Pricey
0	None yet
1	price, 3x optical zoom, good features, ease of use, easily navigable buttons, compact, picture quality
1	Bells and whistles galore, easy to use, quality product, convenient
0	slow charge, slow file handling, short battery life
0	- bad interface
1	Small size, inexpensive, ease of use
1	Convenience, emergency use
0	Scanning is VERY slow and not very good quality
1	Ease, ability to screen pictures
1	Great price, battery life, and picture quality!
1	OMG photos are coming out of this machine!
1	Charges Quickly, Small, and Easy to Use
1	Supports 128mb Media, lightweight, compact, attractive, records 15 second AVI files, and 3x optical zoom.
1	Great image quality, easy use with Windows
1	Great picture quality, easy user interface on camera
1	Amazing screen, Great sound quality, Cool Form Factor.
1	great price and free accessories w/high resolution
1	Cheap!
0	poor image quality, flash that thinks it's &amp;quot;intelligent,&amp;quot; awkward to handle.
1	Touch screen,  web browsing,  caller id, program options.
0	no USB cable included, your computer needs to be up-to-speed
1	Manual features, great photos, everything
0	Battery tends to go dead fast.
1	seats two and steers easily
1	Easy to Use, looks cool, NO FILM :)
1	unique, easy to carry
0	price of cartridges, broken feeder, no service locally, poor customer service
1	Great for web photos
1	Works well with Windows XP
1	excellent image quality, decent speed, good looking
0	None!
0	no lense cover
0	Pictures not as clear as I have seen from other cameras.
1	Small.
1	small, light, inexpensive
0	Still portraits usually cause red eye syndrome
1	all feature in one
0	Only 1.44 MB for storing pictures.
1	mx-1200.it gives excellent pictures and very easy to use..a wonderful camera for the price.
1	Amazing pictures, easy and fast picture transfer, good flash.
0	Drains batteries very fast, does not take good close-up pictures.
1	It's great and easy
0	The phone can get laggy; the keypad isn't the best.
0	Heavier and Larger and less battery life than the 8000 series
1	Vibrating function, small, convenient
0	Bad print quality, expensive ink cartridges, huge for home use, slow
1	Wonderful size phone, and great features
0	Not any that I can think of, I love it Just the step price.
1	Convenient and easy to use.
0	Lacks a good photo-editing program
0	none
1	Cheap, Color, Economic Ink feature
1	Color printer, color scanner, color copier, fax, value, space-saving, HP quality
0	Wish I had it sooner!
1	Awesome for the nonprofessional everyday person
0	It continually jams when printing envelopes. 
1	Great Price, 2X Zoom, Many picture quality options
1	Price, print quality, ease of use
1	The finest inkjet printer ever made in the history of the universe
1	really great quality printing
1	Superior print quality on both plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Nice design, loud ringer, good volume control
1	Lightweight, buttons easy for big fingers, clear and readable screen, many accessories/interchangeable parts available.
0	Price, storage, car base difficult to install.
1	excellent picture quality,small size,easy to learn
1	Reliable, economical, reasonably priced
0	resolution
1	Size, Clear print, easy to use
1	price, print quality
0	Batterys dead after 40 pictures, MAJOR lag time
0	Flash sensor STUPIDLY placed too close to shutter finger, slow autofocus
1	Inexspensive
0	No Power adaptor included - Manual must be printed
1	A significant and notable step up from previous Ink-Jet "Photo" printers."
1	None
1	Fantastic Quality Prints
0	You must have an independent electrical circuit for this unit.
1	Price, size, quality
1	Very easy to use, Great image quality.
1	Amazing images, easy to use, compact size, mini-movie capability.
1	all wheels swivel, unfols completely horizontally, easiest to unfold with one hand (a must)
0	Bad construction, flimsy design, worthless
0	Everyone wants to borrow it.
1	radio
0	No optical viewfinder, no video-out port, red-eye problems , , 
1	Durable-Lightweight-Download Friendly-Easy Use Instruction Menu, 
1	Features for the price
1	Crisp, clear images, lightweight, compact. Loads of features. Records short movies. 2 megapixels
1	Card reader,good copies.
1	Design, Symbian OS 7.0, Camera, Quality, Keypad, Memory Stick Duo, Everything Else...
1	Sturdy, dependable, decent battery life
1	Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
0	ink price
1	lightweight, slim, flat, bright in color
0	No live conference video. It's just a RAZR in disguise with some new features.
0	Fragile connection port, fuzzy "zoom"
1	Sleek and Stylish, Well Constructed, Ergonomically Correct, Good Clarity, Nice Bells and Whistles
1	cant think of any
1	Small footprint, easy to use, extremely portable, converts to scanner with scanning cartridge
0	Cheesy stylus, maximum 128MB memory capacity.
0	Noise sometimes visible, No USB connection, no "real focus ring"
1	i love the menu's in part but it is no match to Nokia or Siemens.
1	Breathtaking color images, very good software, fast, cheap, attractive
0	Is There Any? I Guess The Small Memory Card Could Be A Con For Some...
1	Looks great
1	It looked nice, and Speakerphone should be on more phones.
0	uses batteries up quickly
0	Poor screen visibility in sunlight, weird problem when changing modes, some difficulty in using advanced settings
0	None so far
0	Expensive ink and slow
0	No alarm clock.
1	Really durable, takes abuse very well, remains comfy.Outstanding maneuverability
1	Fairly fast printing for a small office use or personal laser printer.
1	Very easy to use
1	small, batt. life., gizmos......
0	some options i want, it doesnt have
1	good value, easy to use
0	Fatal Errors cause resets, buttons hard to feel and slightly delayed.  Cost
1	Low price, ease of use
0	Really short battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Very Quiet. Front paper load
1	Lightweight, with superb speakerphone
1	Features,size,very loud ring
0	None
1	Clear display. Easy to use menus.  , The 2.0 Megapixel images are good quality
0	Can't think of any
1	Very hip, highly customizable, color screen
0	Pricey - 32MB Memory Stick - What's up with that silver body color
0	auto-focus can be finicky
1	Small, external caller ID, big screen, stylish
0	annoying ringtones
1	Well Built, Easy to use, Good Software.
1	Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
0	HP software leaves a lot to be desired.
1	laser fax is cheaper, fair quality, flatbed fax
1	3 cupholders, it is a stroller/carseat/carrier
0	Small memory (Standard card) and no mechanical zoom
1	Lots of features
1	small, 4 meg
0	Blurry and out of focus on shots taken indoors
0	No color printing.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use
0	warranty may not cover you if the camera has ever had impact, even if it didn't cause the pertinent damage
0	finding a name is bad, Battery life is very small,
0	I wish the playback zoom was scrollable.
1	light, tiny, sexy, ironic ringer
1	Has bluetooth capability.
0	Canon's lack of going the distance.
1	technology, cool features
1	EXCELLENT signal reception and clear calls.  Good build quality.  Convenient design. Full featured. Battery life.
1	Compact, sturdy, great features, great quality
1	high resolution-1984 x 1488, solar panel for sunlight and battery life,other battery saving functions,USB &amp;amp; serial port connections,nice zoom-optical &amp;amp; digital, takes CompactFlash memory cards up to 128 mg
1	See review
1	great picture quality, 6 color inks, border free printing
0	prints so good, you'll be spending lots of $ on paper!
1	Can take memorable pictures
0	I haven't found anything except the lens item mentioned above
1	Works great with many programs, gives you instant results (no waiting for development), and very easy to use.
0	poor macro, small feature set
1	excellent value, does video clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
1	Looks; LCD; flip-phone; calendar; phonebook; voicedial
1	great zoom, great price, easy to use, 3X optical zoom, good marco pics
0	Bulky size, cheesy feel, short lasting color output
0	low battery,cheap quality,bad reception, too small
1	Good Quality
0	Separate rechargeable battery, Current microdrive issues
1	Easy to install, clear printing, true color.
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	Aol instant messenger, web access, speaker phone
1	whitish blue backlight color, animated menus, clear sound, cheep price, pretty light, etc.
1	easy to use, price
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Some animations and sounds can't be changed, having to download only with Telus online.
0	Paper handling could be better
0	Speakerphone too soft.
1	Great photo quality, cheap ink, good speed, fairly quiet, economical use of ink
0	Battery Charger Costs $$$
0	none
0	Somewhat pricey, may measure signal strength inaccurately
1	Extensive printing options, high print quality, drop-modulation technology, separate ink tanks, bi-directional printing, scanner function, copes with various paper types/sizes and is cheap.
0	A little pricy
1	Internet access, rather useful camera, good styling, well designed flip feature,and attractive.
1	printer will last much longer
0	Disabled data transfer
1	Sexy Phone, Works Everywhere in the world, SMALL!
1	Fairly durable phone with lots of neat features and gadgets.... Web enabled
1	durable, small, free
0	Confusing Menus, Not As Feature Rich As Other Models, Not Very User Friendly
1	Versatility, Tech support, ease of use
1	photo quality
1	Small, lightweight, lots of features
1	Reasonable price, it does well what it was designed to do
1	Lots of promising features, but...
0	Badly designed, ridiculous concept
0	Durability
0	Better printers for just a little more
0	Battery life
0	Squids
0	No blue tooth attachment and no flash for the camera.
1	Solidly built phone- great clear reception
1	Tiny,Flash(many cardcams lack one),2mb,docking station that charges and uploads via usb(nice looking too!)
0	NOT true stereo speakerphone, small screen.
0	no zoom, lag
1	Feels good, solid, nice screen and easy to use
1	two way radio!
0	expensive hardware, expensive ink cartridges
0	first one was defective, easily exchanged
1	stylish, many functions, small
1	Very Fast...
0	fair reception, earpiece speaker, $expen$ive, Sprint only
1	easy to use, economical, speedy
0	Reception, battery life, volume, screen quality
1	World phone capability, GPRS, Improved design, Bluetooth, Ultra-light, Ultra-thin.
1	Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
0	a little squarish and heavy
0	Not Windows XP friendly, very expensive, very difficult to use
0	Flimsy pull up antenna.  Occasional echoing on some calls.
1	Great reception and receives all calls
1	Surprisingly good pictures and video from this inexpensive tiny camera.
1	Color screen, intuitive interface, small size, huge featureset
1	Good Battery Life, Well Built, Takes Great Photos, Easy to use
1	Fair price, good software, good photo quality.
1	Lightweight, couple of games, alarm clock. Nice phone for the buck.
1	Modern Design, All the features, does life get any better?
1	Great signal quality, Great value, Good battery life, Good durability
1	Sound Quality<p>Ease of Use<p> Camera Quality
1	Great Quality Pictures
1	Small, Light weight
1	Easy to use. Downloading to computer a snap. Excellent value. Photographic quality shots.
1	Small design, Lots of options, overall good phone
1	light, tiny, well constructed, fast charging, high res screen
1	MP3 player, Expandable memory upto 1GB, Data connectivity with PC
1	If you are looking for quality and afforability, look no further
1	Great phone, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
0	No clock, who cares, get a watch!
1	Great Value
1	ease of use and versatility
0	short battery life
0	expensive ink
0	Stroller is not suited for a toddler, wheels squeak, stroller does not seem sturdy 
0	Ummm... not the Coolpix 4500?!  Let me try to think of a better con...
0	Battery life, freezes sometimes, 
1	Cheap, small, lots of features.
0	If you need a picture/photo printer this is NOT what you are looking for.
0	Eats batteries like a HUMMER! Needs a neck strap! Fragile toggle back button
1	Connectivity thru Bluetooth/Infrared; Elegant, sexy design; Battery life; Signal strenth and call volume; Pretty.
1	sturdy
0	sucks up batteries
1	Cheap
1	Clarity
1	It is a very small and handy camera 
1	Color display, durability, Nokia reputation
1	High resolution, right size, good preview, powerful zoom
0	terrible dithering hw/sw/fw, VERY slow
0	does not have optical zoom, flash not strong enough for far pictures, 3 second delay before you can shoot another picture, no mpeg mode
0	none that I have found
0	3x zoom, small memory stick included, price
0	poor image quality; poor battery life; no zoom
1	read below
0	a little pricey
1	cost
1	Great photo quality, no paper jams
1	pocket sized, sturdy aluminum clad body, largest optical zoom in the Canon Elph-based series
1	Almost everything - especially style, size/weight &amp; features
1	Small, Light, Beautiful, Easy To use
0	Print Cartridges expensive, No on screen visual of ink tank capacity
1	Easy to read face  -user friendly- very clear reception
0	Odd shape if you're not used to it.
0	pricey
1	Good user interface design; good ergonomics
0	EVERYTHING
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	Small size, high quality photos, ease of use, sleek look.
1	Inexpensive,reliable,and prints rather quickly.
0	Everything else.
1	It can't be beat
1	small easy to carry around
0	Moderately Larger Footprint; Upper Price Range
0	Resolution, Buttons hard to push.
1	Reception, sound quality, tons of features, well-built, easy-to-use UI
1	Beautiful output even at low resolution, fast, easy setup
0	Lack of some features, echo and dust can get in external screen.
0	could use optical zoom
1	Screen, size and battery life.
1	Nice and small.  Very easy to use. Rechargable battery. 
0	Digital only, bad battery.
1	Battery life,Great reception excellent signal strenght,Game,Caller ID,Call Waiting, and Voice Mail!
1	size, ease of use, battery life
0	Poor picture quality, not a stand-alone unit to download pictures to computer
0	none
1	High Speed, Great Color!!
0	Low Ringtone
1	Speed, quality of prints, ease of use, style, fast warmup, comes with USB 
1	Low cost good quality.
0	None 
1	Simple to Use
0	expensive
0	Low Volume Ringers and Capacity for new Ringtones
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Slow, Limited Ink Reserve
0	Not so good for sports--optical zoom is too small.
0	Manual written by geeks and hard to understand
0	Consumables are a bit pricey
1	Quick time to to first shot; Good picture quality; small &amp; light.
0	poor reception, hinge is not durable, ringer is not loud enough.
0	This phone is ssslllooowww. Has lots of bugs in its operating system!
0	No 800x600, only six images per disk
0	gray-scale graphics sometime uneven
1	Loads of features.
0	Lack of alarm/timer
1	Small size, inexpensive 
0	none
1	2x floppy disk drive and Steady Shot
1	Worthy replacement to the 950 and 990.
0	Speed
1	light weight, easy to use
1	Simplicity and reliability.  Uses commonly available "consumables"
0	Very fragile camera. Only 8 megs of memory, adapter and rechargeable batteries sold seperately.
0	No color screen, No front-side display (these don't matter to me.)
0	Poor reception, sloppy menu organization, unintuitive.  Prefers poor GSM over excellent TDMA.
0	Slow autofocus (a little noisy too), a bit pricey, so-so battery life
1	Cheap, Works Great
1	Fast, good quality, cheap ink tanks
0	Pictures not the sharpest. Movie mode just OK. Lens rattles when shaken.
1	Size
1	supposedly a very good printer
0	Paint flakes off faceplate...carrying cradle does not securely hold phone
1	well, it prints, and the B/W is good
0	Focus often fuzzy
0	Difficult to adjust to low light settings.
1	Small size, high quality printable images
0	Not the quality level expected for Motorola.
1	not too expensive, clear &amp;amp; sharp printing
0	Limited selection of accessories available.  Could ring louder.
0	Menu system can get confusing, phone has to be on for PDA, camera to work.
0	BATTERY LIFE :o( ER!
0	The material is uglier than sin.
0	More expensive....but no one else offers the floppy disk storage that makes this such a winner
0	none yet
1	Photo quality prints, quiet
0	Menu can be confusing, Lens cap 
0	Haven't found any yet.
1	Lightweight for running,durable and great on trails.
0	It's a little slow in 1200 x 1200 color print speed - but is comparable to other models.
0	Weak Flash, Decent Battery Life, Only 2 Resolution Settings
1	Small, lightweight size, Features, Incredible call clarity
1	A sleek, tiny little phone packed full of extras.
1	Clarity, 2-way Function, Easy-to-Read LED Screen, Long Battery Life
1	fast printing
0	somewhat large especially with the BJC-50 on the market, Canon durability suspect, 
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; features
0	Its connections
1	Decent photo printing, clear color and B&amp;amp;W, good price
0	Only con is that they no longer sell these.
1	Fast, reliable, easy to use printer. Vibrant, brilliant colors
1	great image, ease to use
1	all-in-one device, size, color screen
1	superb pic quality, easy of use
1	Nice price (especially with a pkg. deal)&#13;&#10;$10 w/activation fee
0	Dual-OS environment, no apparent way to send SMS messages
0	Poor shutter control, terrible pictures using flash, terrible pictures using natural light indoors.
0	A bit on the girlie side
0	Non really.
1	Allows floppy disk usage
1	Cushy, classy, comfortable 
0	none for what I wanted, but the reception is not as good as my 8500.
1	Runs good (when it works)
1	overall great looks and usability
1	great printer, quality
0	fast mode is marginally noisy.
0	Cons??!!
0	Video camera for stills only (not all phones)
1	Big screen, size/weight, great organizer, great reception, NaviRoller, voice dialing, long battery life, neat features
0	a bit large, cartridges are expensive, incredibly slow, all colors together
0	games, computer connectivity.
1	Great reception, good menu, nice size.
0	Minor improvement over 8260; difficult keypad; incompatible with 8260 charging stand
0	expensive cartridges
1	overall beauty
0	not enough disk space
0	Batteries don't last as long as I would like.
1	super convenient
1	looks nice
0	Limited accessory bundle
0	microphone, rebooting
1	Small, GSM, World Coverage, And Many Extra Gadgets
0	NONE.
1	fast,quality and paper saving double sided printing ability
1	Small and suprisingly heavy!
0	hard to push and turn
0	None
1	Impressive printout quality, nice set of software features
0	No battery status indicator, Shutter lag ( ALL average digital cameras have it )#!%$!
1	Easy easy to use.  Solid little camera
1	Great quality with lots of features
0	none
0	Battery life could be longer, charging of flash a bit slow
1	Fast, reliable, versatile
0	Can't think of any
1	high quality small
1	Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
0	A bit large; inconvenient if you don't have a hand's free kit
0	more expensive than a cheap 35mm
1	A Prepaid Phone that Works in Rural Areas! Solid Made for an Inexpensive Cell Phone
1	Has lasted a few years
0	buttons are super small, menus are like programming a VCR
0	Extremely limited memory, tiny buttons, slow Java virtual machine
1	LOUD ringer, speakerphone, cute icons for callers
1	Direct-Connect walkie-talkie functionality, built in speakerphone
0	High Consumables, Limited Paper Input
1	Simple to use, Easy menus, User friendly
1	cheaper rates, larger range
1	SLR features in a compact and attractive package.
0	screen, keyboard and phone don't always work; crashes all the time.
0	dedicated case can not contain camera + filter (which requires an adapter).
0	not supported for B&amp;amp;W G3 or OS10
0	doesn't come with windows me drivers
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	The one I bought does not perform consistently at all
1	Re-chargable Battery, Size, Weight, Photo Preview, Quiet
0	Some options are slow, but can be expected
0	Picture quality not as good as competition's
0	battery life is short
0	Slow download, missing features.
0	poor interface, placement of buttons, overall functionality.
0	You get what you paid for....
0	either a black or a color ink cartridge in at a time
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	It needs to come with an Ac adapter and rechargeable batteries
0	Pricey, expensive cartridge
1	Low Price, Professional-Looking Documents
1	Incredible browsing, easy interface
0	Not as many manual options or bells+whistles as others
1	Easy to use
0	Expensive
1	Superb Image Capture
1	fast, high resolution, no smear, cost
1	Very Durable, Best for Simple Home use. Comes with everything you need
1	Great battery life and highly affordable
1	Great quality for price, fast document printing, reliable for the most part
1	Easy to use and price is right
0	No optical viewfinder, battery life
1	Many innovative improvements over the Canon Powershot G2, 
1	it was free
1	Very effective, great special copy features, beautiful prints.
0	Much less battery life than promised.
0	Almost too big for everyday use.
0	the b and w suffers
0	Bad signal.
1	Inexpensive,  reliable
0	so-so picture quality, no zoom
0	Seat isn't good for long hours of sitting. Smallish canopy.
1	Light weight, durable, basic phone
0	The holder is awkward
0	A bit hard to load more than a dozen sheets of paper.
1	Great looks, great speakerphone, great Direct Connect, and much more
1	Lots of features for the price range.
0	Ringer not loud enough, camera a joke and customer service practically non existent.
0	Antenna is flimsy, menus are bulky
1	Produces a Great Printed Product
0	front pops out
1	Great value
1	Price and ease of use
1	Reception, Lite charger,
1	cheap (free), ease of use
1	Great features , easy to use, great reception, durable
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Photo quality, ease of use, size and weight
0	some functions are not as well thought out as they should be
1	- Small, lightweight, - Great battery, quick recharge, 
0	No expandable memory, no Mp3, No Obex
1	music player, low rf emissions, easy to lock/unlock keys
0	Small LCD screen, short battery life
1	Low price, USB compatible, small size, fast printing, low noise standby
0	Was expensive, low battery life, low max volume, ugh..frustration
0	Restricted to GSM service providers
1	Professional Appearance; Trimode CDMA; Web Access; Voice-activated Dialing; PIM
1	Nice small and inexpensive, the plans for this phone are also inexpensive.
1	Smallish; inexpensive; very well designed
0	Frequent Battery Charging
0	&amp;quot;ocean liner&amp;quot; proportions, inaccessible basket
1	Borderless, durable ink, USB &amp; parallel, easy setup, on-screen ink monitor, decent photos
0	Cartridges cost more than printer
0	Not all the features of the Z52.
0	Screen fonts are too small, poor placement of some buttons.
1	Appearance, Features, Accessories
1	High quality photo's, easy to use, very versatile, good software
1	battery life, image quality, durability, functional, easy to use.
1	Fast, great quality text &amp; graphics, low ink use
0	AC adapter too expensive; menu navigation initially a little confusing
1	Camera
1	Looks cool, Great Display, Very Compact, Good reception.
0	Controls not very intuitive. LCD is small.
1	4 in 1
0	None for the price
1	Easy to use, not TOO expensive
1	good
1	takes great pictures, usb smart card reader is now a free rebate item with purchase.
1	Affordable,lightweight,easy to use.
0	short battery life.
1	Cheap
0	Everyone wants to use it!  I can barely find time to use it!
1	Quiet, Fast, Reliable, Cheap, and most important, Unsurpassed Print Quality
1	Small and easy to use...great picture taker
1	Price, print quality, ease of use, and multi function in a small machine excellent.
1	Speed, Graphics quality, price (with or with out rebate)
0	Can't turn off some sound functions. Can't download/upload to phone without expensive option.
1	none
1	price, output quality
1	cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
1	compact
0	LCD display is difficult to view in bright outdoor lighting.
1	Nice size easy to hold. Easy to read display
1	Small, quiet, simple to operate, pretty decent customer service.
0	Update the flip stopped closing
0	Somewhat flimsy, no flash memory, media more difficult to acquire.
1	Integrated Camera, Call Screening, Dual Color Screens, Fastest Vision Phone I've Tested.
1	excellent sound quality and battery life, lots of useful features, fun games
1	Very quiet, great prints, nice software package included
0	Screen is a bit dark, but not a real problem for me..
1	Excellent sound quality, long standby and talk time, light weight, works on digital and analog
0	Can't find one yet!
0	Case is less than sturdy,
1	good reception, plenty of features
0	single color ink cartridge
1	Feature-rich, long battery life, strong reception, usable, durable
1	Good loud ring, Nice size and screen
0	None significant
0	Price, icons on LCD screen are small, small 8mb flashcard, bought $200  accessories
1	Small size, image quality, excellent construction, many features
0	I have not had any problems with this product.
1	Great deal; under priced; small/durable; good size LCD
1	Extremley good Reception Classy look and stilying
0	Very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses lots of batteries.
0	just above average picture quality, poor focus at night
0	Can be tough to turn, Front seat doesn't recline all the way, High seats make it difficult for the child in the back to see has to look around
1	Easy and great pictures almost every shot
1	Good quality at a fair price
0	See Review Above
0	none yet...
0	Poor software
1	Light weight, easy to use for pro/amateur. Great color and resolution.  adjustable modes
0	There is not much difference between draft and high quality for printing.
0	No optical zoom, flash can be too bright, review on lcd can be slow
0	Costly ink usage
0	Changing the ink cartridges in and out for different tasks (color/b&amp;W)
0	size is somewhat awkward
0	Two second wait before actual snapshot, Far away images not very good.
1	Base in car makes for easy car seat insert and removal
0	Average text quality, speed
0	"Digital command" button poor location and irritating.
1	all in one, small footprint
1	bluetooth good looking easy use
1	Very suave looking, flashy and KEWL!!
1	prints fairly fast, cartridges easily changed
1	Feature rich, good performance, excellent battery life, great overall value.
0	Poor picture quality for indoor pictures. LCD screen has low resolution.
1	Good image quality, good set of features
0	The price is fairly steep, but it is worth the price for me.
0	noisy fan, poor glossy pics
0	Quiet printing, but noisy paper handling, no fax, short USB cable.
1	Cheap price! good phone
0	a little slow &amp;amp; expensive refills
1	amazing camera
1	I do like the GUI interface
1	BEST cellular phone I've owned.  Takes a beating and continues to perform.
0	None
0	As loud as my paper shredder, Dimmed the lights in my room, Slow to print
0	Slow on some graphics
0	slow to start printing, small paper tray
0	early revisions had LCD problems, features overshadowed by newer models
0	Long warm up times.
1	Captures great photos, many features.
1	Affordable, neat design, space saver, relatively faster.
1	Great camera name u trust 
1	Very high quality, quick text printing, vibrant colors.
1	small, light, good on batteries
1	Good value for the money, Simple to learn/use
0	I haven't discovered any yet, but I've only had this phone a few weeks.
0	Camera is expensive and pictures less sharp than 35 millimeter film
0	Battery Life, A Bit Too Large
0	Short battery life, limited games, no online access
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
1	Does everything it was meant to do and does it very well.
1	very cheap
1	Easy to hold, beautiful pictures, simple setup and documentation, durable
1	Quality shots, ease of use, durable, lightweight.
1	Small, good quality, 3.3 Megapixel, long battery life
0	That it can sometimes get a little out of control
1	good price. ability to take 15 second MPEGs.
0	Poor XP, compatibility, USB cable not included w/printer, Paper tray.
1	Very compact, nice looks, external display, external LED, lotsa features
0	Distorted near edges, slow flash charge, needs more buttons.
0	Color Print Speed is Slow, Cannot Hold Color and Black Ink Cartridge in at the Same Time
0	EXPENSIVE $500,Battery life is very short  plus accesories $170
0	No removable memory, no flash
0	the screen get dirty easy, but that is about it.
0	Nikon tech support not useful, tech forums useful only because of other camera uses...
1	nokia is smaller
1	super sharp photos, comparable to my SLR. Very easy to use.  Great zoom
1	really convenient,cute as can be
0	Paper Jams
1	Great reception, tough, many features, very cheap
0	doesn't come with rechargeable batteries or an AC Adapter
0	LACK SOMETHING
1	Many features without overkill, easy to use, quite reliable
1	good voice quality, easy to use, nice features
1	Small size, light weight, clear reception.
0	Big. Like HUGE. The new P1000 is much smaller. No Mac driver, if you care about Macs.
0	Weak Ringers!
0	No zoom, needs external charger for batteries, no viewfinder.
0	Bad ringtones, Bad Camera Attachment, TINY!
1	Stylish; large display; joystick navigation; built-in voice dialing; and MORE!
1	Color Smart Technology III, Two-Sided Printing, Fast, Quite.
1	Excellent photo output.  Fast B&amp;amp;W output.
0	Batteries run out quickly
0	No AC Power Included (?)
1	easy to use 
0	None
0	eats batteries!
1	Great design and really sturdy for being so light.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	Good picture quality
1	Options galore, adaptable, a "cool" phone
1	Best cell phone on the Market
1	20X zoom, loads of features, MPEG movie mode
1	Quality, Versatility Fun Factor
0	Battery Life
1	Small, handy
0	Long set up time, complicated directions, not Windows compliant; cable not included.
0	Weak flash
1	A very fast printer with brilliant photo quality.
1	- Easy menus
0	Programmed ringers suck (download your own), Wish Screen was in color
0	Obtrusive Antenna, Small buttons,
1	Compact, Sharp Hi-Rez Pictures, lots of features
1	Color screen, new games, ring tones, internet.
0	Low megapixel camera, blurry display, weird button configuration, not as "sexy" as newer phones
0	FOCUS, FOCUS, FOCUS
0	slight purple fringing, iffy flash, 2X zoom
1	Features vs price
1	Light, small, very sturdy, decent voice-dial, good reception.
0	a bit pricey
0	Battery life, included memory, does not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
0	None.....
0	You MUST buy more than the camera itself.
0	2X digital zoom(so basically no zoom)
0	Pricey, still bulky, poor picture quality, etc.
1	Speakerphone, PalmV, Web Access, Big Screen, Syncs GREAT with Outlook
0	Battery life, slow startup cycle times, under-powered flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Paper jams sometimes, bad rollers
0	No apps. included
1	The best there is at his time
0	Expensive, LCD not usable in sunlight
0	Doesn't come with the data cable
0	None
1	Quiet, reasonably fast, smooth output, excellent price
1	cheap, lightweight, easy to use
1	Easy for beginners.
0	Not very small, looks too much like a Nokia, poor instruction book
1	Size, Looks
1	Very lightweight, large canopy, cool pattern
1	Great print quality
0	Cost of Cartridge 
1	Good camera for those getting started with digital photography.
0	Flash a little weak, Need a decent size memory card
0	Volume sometimes not loud enough, can't rename profiles, non-intuitive speakerphone.
0	Has trouble with large bumps
0	hogs system resources, poor print quality, poor text quality, smudges, smears while printing, no network use, no ram
0	Bad zoom, slow flash and no macro.
0	Spendy.
0	$599 MSRP.
0	battery life limited
0	Distorted reception
0	The cost replacement for all six ink cartridges!
0	Awful color quality, painfully slow, clunky and problematic
0	design of phone, gets lots or scratches quickly!
0	Weight, Sony Warranty
0	low quality in comparison to other printers that don't cost a whole lot more
1	Super optical zoom and CD "film" that can be swapped for various purposes
1	Decent pictures
1	EVERYTHING!
0	menu is a bit intense with options
1	Extremely light-weight
0	Eats batteries
0	None Noted
0	Seems fragile, expensive, bad signal reception
0	uses gallons of ink, cartridges don't last and tech support is terrible
1	Nokia Branded; Outstanding Battery Life; WORKS AS ADVERTISED!!!
0	Only 16 Meg stick, batts take 13 hours to charge, no case or AC adapter
1	Very Stylish, Great Screen, Great Reception
0	Battery is quick to run down... get the longer-lasting one and you'll be in paradise!
1	Affordable, great results, pictures turn out almost perfect.
0	There are plenty!
1	Service 
0	Wish it could take an MPEG longer than 60 seconds.
1	No film
0	Just OK picture quality - nothing to write home about
1	Krishna
0	Really, really weak reception!  Can't talk while charging.
1	10X optical image stabilized zoom.  Simple to use.
1	inexpensive, fun, easy
0	No internet, No Bluetooth, Heats up in 20-25 minutes.
0	Limited zoom, not too good at far shots, better at close ones.
0	Only 4 MB CF card included, eats through batteries like there's no tomorrow
1	Awesome photo output
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
0	ink cost
0	limited storage on floppy, hard to use in full sun
1	Amazing pics, great panorama, movie mode is cool, CompactFlash type 2 support, easy to use, great display, USB, 3x optical 2x digital zoom
0	Picture taking without flash.
0	Slow, often streaks and runs
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
1	You get so much for what you pay
0	Limited Camera, Menus slightly harder to use, 5-way navigator bit awkward, Build Quality?
0	sometimes is a little slow when focusing or taking picture
0	much cheaper product than should be sold.  Should have been labeled 'alpha' or 'beta' at least
1	Size, weight, overall performance
0	None
1	excellent picture quality
0	one color
1	Excellent color and sharpness,  piece of cake to operate
0	Experienced phone users may find it too simplistic.
0	no notepad program; predictive text is confusing
1	Multi task item fast and easy
1	Great phone. Stays charged for a long period of time. Low Price.
1	Small, extremely portable, stylish, lots of features
1	Easy to use, many features, compact, good sound and battery life
1	floppy disk use; easy deletion; solarizing flowers is beautiful!
1	&gt;Nice size
0	Doesn't work with all USB Cards
0	Better stock up on a good supply of batteries.
1	ease of use, optical zoom, good quality pictures
1	backlit QWERTY keyboard, still & video camera, mobile messaging, IR port and more
1	Durable, sexy!
1	You can play games. Not much else
0	doesn't ship with printer cables, have to print the manual yourself, demo button
0	Very serious orange shift problem
1	Fast focus,well built,nice price!
1	superb quality, excellent speed
1	Awesome price/performance!
1	4-in-1 printer, copier, fax, scanner
1	It prints beautiful 13 x 19 inch photos!
0	Eats batteries.. but hello... so do all digital cameras!!!
1	 15 pounds, 1-hand fold, parent/child cupholders, adjustable handle height.
1	Light and compact, 4 Megapixels, great picture quality, good software
0	Price... back when I bought it.
0	Perhaps a little bit bit but it is the compromise with the Palm !
1	Easy to use
1	decent quality, good overall value
1	Tri-mode capability (With Verizon).  Crisp, high resolution screen.  Great bells and whistles.
1	Good optics and ergonomics, great price.
0	MPG movies only record 15 seconds, a little expensive
0	Small glitch in the screen
1	image, cost, one hand point&amp;shoot, AA battery, Compact Flash, movie mode, SCUBA case 
1	good picture quality, low price
0	Confusing voice dial set-up, problems switching between roam and service, poor speakerphone
1	Some nice feature
1	Good Versatility, Lots of Options, MPEG Recording Ability, Floppy Drive (No PC Hardware Needed)
1	Large colour display, predictitative text messaging
0	No zoom, shutter release in an awkward place.
0	Battery life, slight loss of quality in low light, weak flash, tiny standard 16MB card
1	Outstanding movie mode; easy out-of-box experience
0	NO ink in the expensive OEM cartridges!
1	elegant design, compact, excellect battery life, good reception
0	poor to no customer service, not for MAC despite claims
0	Darn near everything else.
1	Great features, easy to use
0	Confusion between zoom and power switch. Pricey.
0	Have to buy the Mac interface separate
1	Size, great reception, looks, outside LCD screen, blue inside LCD screen, vibrate alert
0	cost
1	Small and compact. Looks nice. Works decent without hands free.
1	easy to use, great screen-brightness, simple keypad, loud ringer,  very light and compact, flashy appearance
0	Bad lens...
1	Small. Outer LCD screen.  Voice recognition. Large inside LCD Screen. Sturdy
1	2+ megapixel, Great images, add on lenses, great price
0	large, hard to focus, flash is complicated
0	Terrible reception and sound, unreliable,  and too complicated.
1	Great Pictures,Floppy Disc
0	Poor signal strength.  Poor battery life.
0	Lens cap annoyances. Few extras included.
0	sometimes it doesnt even dial!
0	Sometimes weak reception, sound quality is decent but not fantastic
0	Price, limited optical zoom, slow shutter recycle rate.
0	Not the fastest on the block
1	inexpensive, 3 year warranty
1	Good quality prints! 
0	nothing at all!
1	Price, General reliability, Dual interface, Output quality, quiet, quick for the money.
0	Cost of Ink, Weight
1	Cool Factor goes to "11"
1	Great handling, wonderful storage capacity, lightweight,compact,good quality pictures.
0	Poor battery life, dropped calls, fictional digital mode, fragile antenna, need I go on?
1	robust, intuitive
0	battery usage
1	cheap
0	No video mode
0	backlight timeout!!, keyboard format and size of keys, camera lens is unprotected, battery life
1	Beautiful prints, very fast.
0	a bit bulky, expensive, sometimes gets poor signal
1	Very good color. Rich black text printing
1	Great color screen, and speaker phone.
0	Goes bad frequently, poor reception/range, short battery life when you're far from a tower.
1	Small size, magnesium body, professional settings, and an all-glass lens.
1	Great Macro, Nice loaded features
0	Battery life and Reception is terrible;Phone overheats like crazy;Lousy ring-tones
0	Poor backlighting; Heavy
1	Small,like a rock,design,through t-mobile!
0	Selection is sometimes a bit tricky
0	Expensive ink cartridges, software
0	Mostly Sony proprietary technology.
0	Default f-stop setting
0	Battery Life
0	Palm OS and phone do not integrate well. Difficult to navigate.
0	Reception was a big problem. No internet access, no vibration mode
1	consumer price
1	Very portable. Stylish, too!
1	Good reception, large bright screen, good backlight, sturdy feel, modern look
1	Very Cheap
0	Pricier than other options
0	Optical zoom has no Telephoto
0	Too big. Ear phone detaches too easily. The battery detaches too easily
1	Easy to use, great pictures, good price
0	Expense of cartridges; cannot use generic brands.
1	cheap, quiet, great text, nice color
1	lots of features for a small price,&#13;&#10;good size,
1	cheap, easy to use
1	compact size, all metal case, fast focus
0	jamming,expensive cartridges
1	Battery life, excellent metering system, compact size
0	Sprint customer service stinks
1	Razor Sharp Photographic Quality
0	Discontinued by HP, even though its technology is the same as the currently available P1000.
1	Lightweight, Easy maneuverability, easy fold-up
1	Inexpensive, easy to install and use, quality printing
0	Slow at times
1	Lightweight, color screen, great sound quality, and fun!
1	Uses a standard 9-volt battery, simple one-button functionality, auto-timer, inexpensive
1	Loud speaker phone, quick to charge, light weight
0	a little bulky, wish there was a cover for the screen
0	The battery does not line up with the compartment.
1	Well lit screen, amazingly loud and clear reception, selection of ringers, easy to use interface
0	no optical zoom, mjpeg movies useless, batteries go fast unless you get NiMH
0	none
0	Buttons can be better
0	keys and display, battery life, menu learning curve, can be pricey.
1	Very good voice clarity
0	Not always user-friendly, some problems with buttons not working. Lousy reception!!
1	Weatherproof with excellent photo quality!
1	easy-to-use, smart image manipulation software, good quality images
1	performs many tasks well, good price, not too bulky, reliable
0	Can't think of one!
0	small footprint, animation poor, navigation could be better
1	Beautiful screen.
0	none
0	The num pad is a little soft. Not very responsive.
1	Cost effective, good quality
1	near pro-level at consumer-level price.  excellent image quality
1	Great printing and great price
0	bulky when folded, hard to push with one hand
1	Extremely easy to use, comes with almost all needed parts and cables
0	Price.
0	doesn't come with adapter
0	a little bulky, flash is not automatic
0	Eats batteries, LCD not visible in sun, hard to take picture, turns off
1	Numerous features, color screen, light
1	Very good photo quality with premium papers.  Easy to use memory card reader/writer.  Excellent price
0	Noisy when loading, Low memory
1	image quality nothing short of excellent, good battery life, neat features
1	Lightweight, Good Screen, Good-Looking, Excellent Reception, Nice Design.
0	misses focus, useless in low light
1	Loud. Clear. Long batt. life. *free*.
1	Decent image quality, cheap, USB, 128MB SmartMedia support, clear LCD
0	None
0	Only 2 frames per second motor drive.
1	Small, light weight, very portable, great power, long lasting, lots of features
1	nice looking and pretty easy to use
0	screen blacks out, trouble running tzones
0	No attached telephone or "moniter" function for dialing.  
1	Low cost, light weight, functional
0	LCD could be larger / more neg. tilt, Only 3x optical, camera resets to factory.
1	Bluetooth, good picture, lotsa features
0	Bit short-lived, the build quality isn't great.
1	Light, attractive, good display, easy buttons, sound quality is good.
0	No antenna which means unclear calls
0	New LCD is smaller, complex menu, auto-focus can be fooled under certain conditions.
1	Fancy looking phone, easy to use, very durable..even when dropped, good reception, lots of features
0	Drains your wallet, but would you expect it too be cheap?
1	Great price. Easy to use, and pictures are great for a camera for its class.
1	Relatively inexpensive NiMh AA batteries can be used.  Good close ups.
1	THIN and light, Excellent sound quality, stylish.
1	small & lightweight but not fragile, interface simple and intuitive, sound & reception
1	Easy to use, good photos
0	poor menu system, no alarm feature
0	No roaming
1	Floppy drive, rechargeable batteries
1	Extra small size, different colors to choose
0	Very little wrong with this little gem!
1	Fully featured, very good all-around performance, Canon lens
1	Cheap and small
1	Small, durable, user-friendly, sleek, customizable
0	Learning curve is steep for advanced features.  Lens cap not attached.  Worthless software package.
1	Get it if you have more kids
0	lousy menus, horrible keys, overpriced, crappy camera. annoying beeps no battery life
0	Camera is a joke, Bluetooth problems
0	Well it does lacks in some of the modern day features that other phones have
0	I cannot think of any.
1	Very Small.  Variety of camera settings.  Great color.
1	small, stylish, dualband GSM for world-wide use
0	Expense
1	convenient, user- friendly, great price
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	None
0	Paper feeder not very good. Paper does not stay straight. Printer cartridges high. 
1	Affordable, easy and fun, with great quality pictures
1	It was cheap
1	solid construction, battery life, image quality
0	Watch out for the cost of supplies!
1	MP3/WMA music in hi-fi, Video/Digital Image Capture,BlueTooth Capable,High Reliability,microSD slot, EVDO Broadband Enabled
1	reliability, printing quality, ease of set-up &amp;amp; use
1	easy to use 
1	Durable, reliable, has the basic features I want
1	Cheap Cheerful and Small
0	Self-defeating thumb scroll power/mode button kills battery regularly
1	great color and resolution, easy to use, remote control operation
1	compact, easy to install, good print quality, will print photos
0	Programing set up
0	Needs longer battery life
1	solid construction, versatile, great reception and clarity, comprehensive manual
0	No optical zoom
1	Easy to use, no waking baby up, big wheels
0	Picture quality when on paper.
1	Many Pros
0	A little &quot;cheap&quot;
0	Manual (although lengthy) misses some important facts; Software is just OK.
1	Does everything that you need a digital camera to do. Stills,movie mode close ups
1	BETTER BATTERY LIFE! BETTER CALL QUALITY!
0	warm up time, big area
1	Moive Mode, 3x Zoom
0	Batteries Tend to Go Dead Fast, Memory Card Reader may Be Needed. Kind of Heavy.
1	very good picture quality and easy to use
0	Macro mode rather unimpressive.
1	Sound Quality. Clear Picture. External Battery. Features.
0	Cost
0	It won't  turn heads if that's what you care about.  Sure is blue!
0	not interchangeable 'faces', no Internet,
0	-Small
0	Heavy use of Viewing screen will eat up batteries.
0	only had mine for 4 days but no cons (it's excellent)
1	High quality, easy to use
1	Well constructed
1	picture phone, fast charging, camera easy to use, lasted 2 years
0	BUGGY SOFTWARE, battery life
1	Ultra lite weight, perfect for carry in front pocket, above average lcd display
1	Features, Ease-of-use, Quality, Instant Feedback
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Delayed Shutter  Could Miss  Action Shots
1	Goes anywhere and is so easy to use
0	not too easy to set up if you dont have the required setup
0	to much
1	Very fast, nice photo quality.
1	Inexpensive, versatile, easy to operate, 
1	Compact, Good picture quality, good memory space
0	Black is more of a really, really dark gray. Large footprint.
0	Expensive, manual not great
1	new technology, CD-R storage, 2.1 megapixels
0	Very slow copier
0	Mine has been dropping calls, must do hard reset. Phone works best if fully charged.
1	small size, easy to use, great features
1	Sleek style.
1	Wait, I'll think of one ... just give me more time...
1	Similar featuresd as 35 MM counterparts, great automatic mode-Quality, simple to use!!
0	NO Alarm Clock feature, keypad volume is not loud enough even at maximum
1	High quality glass lens system, aluminum body, many image compression options
0	none
1	Very good quality, very cheap price.
0	battery life, need to set date and time after putting in new batteries
0	Small basket.
0	A little expensive but far less than Nikon professional digitals with same quality.
0	No zoom
0	The connection to your mac or pc (twain)
1	Takes Great Photos
1	Amazing features, great coverage, sturdy, good battery life, nice color screen.
0	Difficult to see screen in low light; quality of construction could be better...
1	Removable diskette and quick charge battery
0	Small memory cards
1	Good print quality
1	price
1	excellent as a paperweight
1	Battery Life, Great Phone Reception, Easy to Use
1	usb for fast connection, lcd screen, cheap
0	Loose hinges, bad interface, poor antenna, performance
0	none
1	It's A Professional Printer, You Can Print Photo Quality, It Has So Many Features
1	hmmmm.... hold on, I'm thinking
1	Makes a good paperweight
0	No Speaker Phone Feature, Potentially Fragile, May be too high tech for some
1	Easy to use, looks nice, small & light, just a great phone.
0	Memory is not upgrade able.
1	It works! It's the future! It's here now!
1	Lots of features, easy operation...
1	Everything!
0	Pricey
1	Simple to use
1	Great price
0	High printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time leading to CPU hang time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low to medium range computers
0	Belt Clip is bulky and needs to be wore in.
1	price
0	none known yet
1	Fold out keyboard, good display
1	Best camera on the market especially at that price
0	large size
0	Only connects with USB and has a rather large footprint
1	Very compact, tons of features, great picture quality even at the lower settings.
1	Large screen, HUGE amounts of memory.  Ability to use 5100,6100 accessories.
0	Warmup period, slow, expensive ink, ink runs out quick
1	good quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;small, takes up little space,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;inexpensive&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy hook up/instructions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;sleek look
0	None.
0	NO USB port.  TERRIBLE Sprint/Kyocera service to fix major bug.
0	Small buttons, small screen, no downloadable ringtone facility.
0	Hard to review picture with LCD in bright light. 
0	limited record capacity, bulky, doesn't make HQ prints at low res.
1	Lightweight, ease of use
0	not a color screen, no bluetooth
0	SLOW!!!, Expensive cartridges
0	Extremely Slow! 1/2 ppm color!
1	Sleek and Small
1	Convenience of floppy disk storage, no film, great rechargeable battery.
1	Very quiet operation, beautiful quality prints, user friendly
1	never breaks
0	Anemic 4 mb memory stick and poor battery life
0	screen wearing out, scuff marks from flip, a bit expensive
1	Does anything you expect a mid ranged camera to do.  Complete manual controls. Rugged. 
1	Compact, Quiet, Clean print both black and white and color
0	Runs through batteries very fast, annoying delay in taking pictures
0	Durability, Customer Service
1	color lcd, picture phone, 40 polyphonic ring tones
1	It's cheap.  It's simple to use.  Performance/Price ratio is, in the end, high.
0	No auto focus/lens cover, automatic flash not to my tastes. Lens pops out of focus.
0	Minor nozzle clogging issue in some situations
1	Good price- extremely affordable,  great quality, very easy to setup and install
0	pricey
1	Beautiful screen.
1	Fast, quiet, and great quality
0	none come to mind
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	Heavy. Very very heavy. Huge too.
0	Battery life; 8 MB memory card.
0	none
0	8mb memory stick, slow shutter/focusing, weak flash
1	PRICE ,1200X1200 DPI , prints are decent
0	PRICE!!!
1	Powerful camera, low cost, impressive picture results
1	Lightweight, durable, fun
1	LIGHTWEIGHT, easy to get in and out of trunk, narrow
0	Short battery life &amp; battery cover problem, bulky, no lens cover, picture saving&amp;loading slow
1	Advanced address book, easy menu navigation, lots of features for the price
0	A little wide.
1	Great text, image &amp; color quality, inexpensive, fairly fast
0	Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
1	easy to use, small size, great picture quality
0	unit size, floppies take up some space
0	Cost, lacks direct USB connectivity
1	Picture Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
0	Loud, Slow To Start Up
0	Have to buy the better battery and memory card
0	None, compared to other cameras in its class, but viewfinder could be better.
1	Price, After Market ink, Speed
0	No external antenna jack
0	Pictures with flash a bit muddy, need some correction
0	F60 body, ISO 320 is the lowest rating
1	It does everything you would need from a professional grade film body.
1	Large display, LOUD speaker, GREAT signal indoors and out
1	Print quality, print speed
1	Quality, Size, Memory, Weight
1	3 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, good price, solid feel, FUNC button
1	Awesome screen, form factor.
0	The ringer is not loud enough.  Poor earphone sound quality.
1	Fast; affordable; top-quality text output
0	Ink always clogs and runs out very fast.
0	Slow when printing color.
0	No zoom, no autofocus, floppy adapter doesn't work with Mac or Windows NT
0	Too heavy to throw into the ocean
0	Battery Life, Durability, Focus Range, No AC Adapter
0	Doesn't work (stand-alone) with 16MB SD card
0	Quite slow... but who cares.
1	Quiet, easy to use, and affordable.
1	Great zoom, Great inside and outdoors.
1	Looks good
0	ink cartridges are so expensive you could practically buy a new printer
1	price, top feed system
1	Quality printing
1	Small and lite enough that you'll forget you have it most of the time.
1	Easy to install, clear prints
0	No printer cord included
1	Excellent large prints
0	Picture Quality
0	Quick print is horrible.
0	Back cover flimsy
1	Camera Phone, Flip Cell phone
1	small size, coolness factor, big LCD screen
0	bad in low lighting situations
1	Cheap, cute, nokia-like look
0	Only 4 regular ring tones, other 11 are melodies
1	compact
0	Very, Very slow
1	Performance, Price, Bonus Software, Top is flat so you can stack stuff on it!
0	No synchronization with Mac. Not bluetooth compatible
1	NOTHING!!!
1	spare printer for quick jobs,   very quick
0	Keys almost indistinguishable by touch.
0	none noticed
1	Great pictures, Cost
1	Very good print quality for text, graphics and photos.
0	Manual pop up flash, camera seems fragile
1	Flexible, Rugged, BIG Memory Capability
0	A little large and lacks a viewfinder
0	only 2 meg flash card, eats batteries
0	bad camera, settings, navigation key, scratches up and shows finger prints
0	endless giberish spewing from its print-deck
1	Reliable, high quality print results.
1	Fast, good quality, and affordable.
1	size, low cost, ease of use, peripherals
1	Great features
1	Small, New Display Screen
0	Very Slow and Very Loud, Runs out of ink very quickly
1	Easy to use software and menus.
1	A great machine to have and does a great job for a low price.  
0	none yet
0	Bad software, problems with resolution
1	Strong personal information management tools, OpenWave web browser, awesome battery life for color screen.
0	basket on bottom is small
1	Awesome battery life, integrated speakerphone, color display
1	super easy to use, very good quality photos
0	Expensive
0	Sprintpcs upload procedures, there is a way around!
1	Beautiful picture quality
0	8MB memory card
0	1/2 second shot delay and low battery life while using the LCD screen
0	non
1	Automatic focus and exposure, solid design
1	resolution, tonal balance, 4 megapixels, 3X zoom, internal processing controls, excellent build quality
0	Slow Color Printing, Ink Use
1	Many features.
0	None
0	A little slow
1	Easy to use, Nice Pictures, Good battery life.
1	Inexpensive/Sturdy/Reliable/Quality Camera
1	This is a very versatile camera and takes very good pictures
1	Customizable, good battery life, takes a beating
0	Does not have Optical Zoom
1	Cool light effects, compact size, changeable covers, speaker phone
1	Excellent photo quality, extreme ease of use, SONY styling., 
1	Everything!  You will not believe the quality!
0	Squeaky, and quite flimsy after 20 months of heavy use.
0	A tad bulky and heavy
1	good price, good photos, comes with a/c&amp;#13;&amp;#10;attachment, flash, battery
0	Sony Support is Horrible at best!
1	Optical zoom, picture quality, ease of use
0	Viewfinder offset not suitable for close up shots.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Viewfinder 20% smaller than photo/LCD image.
1	Fairly quiet, fair speed, reasonable print quality
1	floppy disk drive, steady shot, excellent picture quality
0	May cost a littl bit of money, or be hard to use at first.
1	Easy to use, High quality images, fast USB interface.
1	Nice photos
0	scanning feature doesn't work well
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
1	Great Little Printer.....Better Price
1	Absolutely STUNNING photo prints.  
1	Attractive Space Saving Design
1	Very light and good reception
0	None
0	low quality
1	Excellent call quality, text messaging, perfect size, great battery life.
1	Promising features (if it worked)
1	great features, low price. 
1	nice little body-easy to use-quick shooting and saving
1	takes time to save the picture to disk, and if you are saving a MPEG on disk it takes a good 10-30 seconds to write to disk, when trying to capture multiple rapid pictures forget it, very slow.
1	quiet, male voice signals when printing, scans, copies, faxes, 
1	Fast, high-quality printer that lasts and lasts...
1	Easy to use; sharp picture quality; very good optics
1	Nice standard ring tones; I like the flip phone style
0	Known problems with battery life, sometimes bad reception, cheap construction, buttons stick out too far.
0	Dies every two weeks
1	it is lightweight, small and fair good print quality
1	Value and quality
0	SELECTIVELY FAXES, many receiving errors, HORRIBLE SERVICE
0	Cheezy tripod socket, some production problems
1	To many to list (see review)
1	Easy to learn how to use, large screen for easy viewing
1	Fast and Excellent Quality
0	none that I can think of
1	Small size, easy to use, stylish
0	Weak and cheap
1	Inexpensive, Good Picture Quality, easy to use
0	all feature in one
0	Standard batteries are a little short on life.
1	ergonomics, image quality
0	None
1	instant pictures, disc acceptance
0	price
1	Cheap, fair pictures
1	Good Color
0	Needs car adapter- - short battery life
0	ringer, no blue tooth, internet
0	Very Short Battery Life, Very Slow to Download via serial mode.
1	Easy, fun, save $$$ on film and developing!
1	Great Camera, LCD is clear!
0	Mis-marketed as a world phone. No speakerphone - lack of simple rings.
1	Amazing features that are technological marvels, a good phone,
0	Battery life, but you can improve this if you buy a AC Adaptor for downloads.
1	Excellent color, inexpensive, works with macintosh
1	Neat camera and video.
0	No one-touch answer while folded, simplistic phone book, questionable headset noise reduction, weak ring/vibration
0	it broke on the first accidental drop
0	Contracts are written for the company, not the buyer.
1	Easy to transport, good overall quality
0	slower processing
1	lightweight, compact,very adequate flash,good tech support,no lens cap!
1	Excellent Quality - both camera and photos
0	Advance functions can be tricky, photo development.
0	Battery life &amp; no camera bag. For the, price larger smart media card.
1	Fast, reliable, cheap, good quality output.
1	Inexpensive, crisp copy, and very easy to install.
0	Only allows 6 quality pics per floppy, only a single 15 second movie.
0	Poor color, especially photos.
1	Strong, Well Built body
0	The paper feed is a constant source of frustration. It does not work!
1	Easy to use -Great Pictures - 
1	Ink cartridges easy to refill saving $$$. works fast. This is a work hog.
0	I have nothing but problems with this phone
0	Poor battery life, kind of balky
0	Flimsy
1	It looks good and comes in a variety of colors
1	Trendy, Great Sound, Customizable, Great Camera Quality
1	comes in different colors
1	Great Pictures. Easy to use. Great movie mode. Very good camera for a low price.
1	nice fashion for  the new year
1	everything
1	great value, great features, just all around greatness
1	Easy point and shoot, GREAT color and resolution.  Very good battery life.
0	Batteries often need to be replaced
1	Excellent overall package &amp;amp; features!
1	Small, easy to operate, good service
1	Quality pictures, compact, easy to use
1	Internet, LARGE screen, clear reception
1	Easy to use, good daytime picture
1	Lightweight, features, looks
0	non
0	terrible battery life, odd shape
0	Don't lose the sw cd
1	Great Quality, Extremely Fast. Looks Good.
1	LQ quality, bluetooth, 1.3 megapixel camera, nice sound
0	Constant paper jams, poor quality, and noisy
1	easy to use. takes great pictures. water-resilient!
0	fragile, no zoom and consumes a lot of battery.
0	Tiny buttons, single phone number per name entry.
1	Uses AA batteries! Feels great in your hands. Good pictures.
0	No easy access to basket when kid is seated, doesn't close one-handed.
1	Bright clear display, loads of features, memory card
0	Take the damn picture already!!!
1	Easy to use, good quality output, good speed
0	Backlight needs manual on control
1	Battery Life, Durability, Phone book (the way it stores entries), Display light, sound clarity
0	Poor drivers, software glitches. Poor support.
0	B &amp; W text could be better, slow duplex unit, pricey ink cartridges
0	Malfunctions
1	External called ID, compact, extremely durable, great reception
0	short battery life, holster design
0	Battery hog, no 'regular' ring, pricey
0	none
1	Good quality photos.  Good battery life per charge.  5X optical zoom.
0	Can be costly to get the most out of it
1	Great results, inks last long!
1	Small size, vibrating feature, internal antenna
0	Scanning fairly slow, somewhat difficult to install.
1	Great features for the money.
1	Excellent color. Great price.
1	Relatively small, reliable.
0	Memory card is not large enough and no rechargeable batteries. 
0	No lens protection, not true 2.1 Megapixels, no optical zoom
0	occasional problems with battery
0	faceplate falls off when dropped
1	Ease of use, functions, low cost
0	Hard to push and maneuver
0	Keys easy to bump if guard not on
1	Great price for what you get. Neat little package.
1	Clear sound; modem phone; takes still and video pictures.
1	Good resolution, and features
1	Great camera, good reception for calls, voice activated for when you are driving
0	Cheap feeling buttons. menu button awkward to use. Slow reaction time
1	Light weight, looks good, reasonable price, good reception
1	Easy Installation. Love the power cable.
1	Price, Print Quality
1	Quiet, fully featured, great quality prints
1	Very reliable, easy to use, good overall in all functions
0	speed,speed,speed
1	Nice Body, easy to install, clear, bright colors.
0	Small basket, a bit tricky to collapse.
1	Affordable, Small, does not EAT alkaline batteries!  Excellent value. 
1	Cool colour, illumination light, size, weight
1	Great features, tiny phone, long lasting battery.
0	Shutter lag, size
1	Print and build Quality, speed, ink usage, quite, hi-capacity ink, double sided printing.
0	Static!
1	Easy and convenient to use
0	Smartmedia memory. digital zoom
0	Can't be used with Windows 2000
0	Requires heavyweight paper for best results, small ink tanks
0	price
1	reliable, fast, good switching between phone/fax functions
1	Small, durable design, 6x optical zoom, beautiful photo quality!
1	3.5 floppy storage, long battery, high quality 
0	Rather short actual battery length, has non-standard headset jack
1	Memorystick Duo slot, digital camera, big screen, PC synch, MP3 player, jog dial button, Bluetooth.
1	lightweight, small, great for travel
0	Bulky
0	some parts especially the antenna break often.
1	Easy to use,has expandable memory, good software
0	Can't figure out how to log out and in on web sites once logged in once!
0	See Below.
0	You have to read the manual to use it.
0	Using finalized mini cd in computers is still a challenge to use with other software
0	low picture quality, no flash, fixed lens
0	A little uncomfortable for long conversations.
0	serial port connection is slow, flash is slightly weak, comes with little memory
0	Expect to buy more Compact Flash storage media cards!!
1	Quiet, paper lays flat, nice big ink tanks, fast. 
0	none
1	Excellent speed, dual cartridges, bottom paper feeder, uses the PhotoRET-II layering technology, and what a price!!
1	great quality printouts on photos &amp;amp; text
1	Fabulous Photos, great range of user controls, fast lens 
0	no fun ring tones, a little heavy
1	Inexpensive.  Software is intuitive.
1	Durable, easy to use. Large readable buttons. Flip-style easy to shut off.
1	Nice Feature, light
0	Battery gets hot
0	Extremely poor results. No flash. Very poor resolution and quality.
0	Battery life is too short.  AC adapter is hard to find.  
0	You have to throw out your old photo processing equipment.
1	Excellent picture quality
1	Tons of features, camera, radio, well-designed menu system
1	Price, ease of use
0	Picture quality poor, video runs less than 25fps, no preview screen, only 4MB memory.
0	Camera is weak, durability stinks and BEWARE if you plan on using the Bluetooth feature.
0	Dust in screen, hardware problems, horrid reception, bad integrity, small screen, low battery life
1	Low Cost, Complete &amp;amp; Easy to Use
0	6 second power up. Terrible auto-focus in low light. Long lag time. Distracting Autofocus light.
1	Superb image quality, no mangenta/blue/red in your pics!Hi sharpness, 8M card to get started.
1	Fun design, great features
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, locked into MemoryStick technology
0	Tiny button for people with large hands
1	very small, Good reception, Clear sound.
1	cool factor
1	Quiet operation, front load paper feed
1	Small
0	Bad speaker, turns off whenever it wants to, resets itself.
1	durable, lightweight, a car seat-stroller-and -basket in one, classy, easy to fold, a great price
0	big, design, no usb cable
1	cheap, color and black at the same time
0	Heats quickly, low battery, few features, no camera, no speakerphone, NOT A GOOD DEAL
1	Image-quality, Ease-of-use, Build-quality, Ergonomics
1	Excellent picture quality, Good battery life, Plenty of manual options 
0	Cant  satisfy  everyone
0	washed out pictures (easily fixed in photoshop), delayed pictures  
1	Impressive list of features, Price, Simplicity
1	purchased at a great price, easy to use, convienient
1	Inexpensive, Well rounded, Good Battery Life
0	Camera, takes getting used to, mediocre battery
0	Viewfinder hard to see through in the dark
0	poor phonebook design
0	no memory, camera shake
1	take many pictures w/o having to reload anything, nice auto-focusing, reasonable price for its quality
1	various features, front LCD display, new technology
0	Almost too small, feels like a toy, speakerphone is useless
1	Small, five megapixels, lithium ion battery/charger
1	Wonderful Interface, elegant and easy to use
0	AT&T as carrier,Signal,Battery Life
1	Best reception along with clarity, durability for high usage users.
0	tough to get your fingers into wires, lousy software
1	Easy to use, uses a regular computer disc, has a great zoom, nice picture quality
1	Color screen, small size, Get-It-Now.
0	None so far.
0	If you have big fingers, you'll need to use the stylus to make phone calls.
0	Horrible overall quality.
1	Comfortable, Compact, FUN!
1	THE COLOR PICTURES ARE REALLY CLEAR AND TRUE! 
1	Small and lightweight, bluetooth enabled, battery life, voice control.
1	SMALL SIZE, good battery life, ease of use.
0	Sound is not all that good on videos or pictures with audio.  
1	Vibrates, IR capable, Internet ready, clear view screen, clarity of conversation great, Many great features!
0	zoom lens, ackward lens cap
0	Hard to clean, awful maintenance, high priced, terrible support
1	Low original price
1	Microdrive, picture quality, ease of use
0	software is slow and time consuming
0	Sucks battery power...Ni-MH rechargables are essential.  Storage expensive unless you use IBM Microdrive.
1	Cool factor, versatile, only one device to carry
0	None
0	small display, no games, could be easier to scroll through phonebook, headset is a joke
1	Safe! Simple! Cheap!
0	Not useful after the first few months
1	Thin, stylish, clear call quality, easy to use, features galore
1	no pros at all.
0	The $400.00 cost will turn a lot of people off to this phone.
1	excellent photos, easy to use, reasonable price
1	Photo quality, color, easy-to-use, features... and so on.
1	Good battery life
1	Inexpensive and easy to operate
1	Safe, durable, comfortable, with warranties.
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
0	Volume levels, battery life,gets hot, placement of charger socket.
1	Ease of use, good quality flash pictures, good menus for setup
0	fragile, AFFORDABLE
0	weight is a problem,heavier than others
0	Pricey but you can find great deals on the internet
1	affordable, versatile, quick with text
0	Inefficient and unreliable 
0	Refills are very expensive
1	new age photography
0	Noisy, large footprint, high ink use
1	Cool Games, Decent Rigtones, Color Screen
1	good image quality, nice size, easy to use, LCD display, good price
1	Small, elegant, changeable look, dirt cheap, and excellent reception
0	Can you say &amp;quot;Paper Jams&amp;quot; 
0	very inconsistent, low print quality, slow!
1	Small, Stylish, Cost, Large Phonebook, Feature-packed, Trusted Brand
0	Stopped working one month after warranty expired.
0	no colour screen
1	Small Size
0	runs a bit slow when set to high quality printing, program shows it's printing when it's not when set to high quality
1	easy to use
0	Power consumption, resolution
0	An absolute battery hog
0	Expensive and LOTS of redeye when using flash
0	None yet
1	Fast setup great print quality
0	Poor reliability, poor reception, terrible interface, sloooow interface, ugly.
0	Manual a little overwhelming at first, Smart media disk is only 8MB.
1	Easy to use
0	will frezze if you use to much space, Too basic for a phone junkie downloader
1	Small, stores lots of numbers, wireless Internet capable.
1	Good black print quality; easy setup, easy fax send/receive.
0	paper doesn't always feed properly
1	Fairly fast, Good quality, Doesn't jam
0	For the price of the product, none.  
1	Just a great little all round  phone.
1	Good picture quality, features, Compact Flash media, build quality, great accessories
0	-Weak Vibration
0	Quality Sucks&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Eats Batteries
0	bad reception
0	Destroys computer when re-installed
1	Easy to  use and to install on your PC
1	high quality images, easy to use, videos with sound, TV out, battery life, manual mode
0	Cartridges are tricky to install, NOT good for high volume
1	Lightweight and stylish. Nice parent tray.
1	good car seat, infant carrier
1	Compact, excellent picture quality
0	SIM warm up is slow
1	Great pictures, nice auto settings
0	Keys uncovered and there's no clip.
0	rather dark optics, a bit slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Small &amp; Light, Straight-forward operation
1	High quality printing, multi-platform, reasonable image quality, good value
0	Unacceptable quality for colored text, buggy software installation
0	works when it wants to
1	5X zoom, abundant features, vivid colors
0	Low battery life
1	SLR, great image quality
1	Clarity, battery life
1	Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
0	Driver issues, Poor control Panel, Inefficient Use of Ink, Print Quality Issues
0	a little bulky in size, thumb-controled joypad, color only 256.
0	NO MS-DOS mode printing support!  No USB or Parallel cable included.
1	Cheap, Easy to use, CF Memory Slot, excellent quality on daylight
0	smeared printing, never wakes up from standby, won't feed paper properly, 
0	None of the pros actually WORK reliably,software crash/freeze, Sprint cust. service, Samsung cust. svc.
0	poor optical zoom, when digital zoom low quality
0	A little on the bulky side.
1	cheap, good if you don't care about quality
0	Never works!  Mailing it to Kodak!
0	Resolution only 2.1mp, Expensive for 2.1mp camera, only 8mb card
1	Compact, high quality, easy to use point and shot
0	eats batteries quickly
1	Price, image clarity, ease of use
0	no serious
1	Long battery life
0	cost of operation
1	Easy to use, great outdoor pics.
0	Poor night and lowlight pictures. 
1	Very good quality
0	Poor build, unreliable, lack of support from Nikon, menu system, dim lcd, viewfinder
1	Excellent clarity, great extra features
1	Sturdy, Remote Control, Large LCD Display, Digital Zoom, 3.34 Mega Pixel
1	Affordable, quality build, brand name, USB/PPort options, good print quality, CHEAP
1	Ease of use, cheap price, availability
1	Great when it works, Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
0	battery use, no zoom
0	Buttons are very sensitive to moisture, spray, etc.
1	Small and Compact
0	Somewhat Slow Speed
0	is a oven
0	see:&#13;&#10;http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716&#13;&#10;
0	Cartridge change electronics / printer driver
0	None to date
1	Instantaneous response
0	Takes two cartridges like most, they are expensive
1	ease, speed, reliability, quality
0	None yet.
0	Price, size, no case included
1	Switchable face plates, vibrate/silent ringer, web-enabled, instant messenger, long battery life, key guard
0	None found so far
1	excellent print quality, ease of use
0	Slow LCD frame rate in some conditions.
1	Convenient transfer of images to PC; perfect exposures
1	compact
1	Stylish design, small size, bright display, clear signal.
1	Low price for the printer and ink tanks, small size, print speed and quality
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
1	Small and free!
1	Light weight; compact; high quality pictures;
1	Small, reliable, versatile, easy to use.
0	Unreliable.  This camera has broken twice in less than two years.
0	Size, no camera, poor calendar function.
0	battery life, one name/one number in phone book
1	Excellent camera.  Great Price
1	super high quality printings which are highspeed. Fast loading w\ choice of USB , 
0	No Ring+Vibrate, Verizon Interface, no true Silent mode, can be slow
1	Wow, what I've always wanted - PDA and phone in one!
1	Many great features for such a low price
1	Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
0	Numerous communication errors, and when scanning it never scans straight even.
0	doesn't come with the cable
1	Print quality, individual color ink cartridges.
0	Battery life, Slow Message writing, No MMS or GPRS
1	Size, features, Marine Pack option
0	Refills are expensive
0	Poor Battery Life and no AC Adapter Included
1	the printing is a very clear..
0	a lil unwieldly and the phone pad gets heated up!
1	Quiet, fast, looks nice
0	Expensive
0	Average speed, low paper supply.
0	Included OCR program isn't that good
0	Picture quality, price
1	very slim. nice design. big screen
0	small zooming ability
1	Inexpensive, compact flash compatible
0	rather large
0	customer service
1	It shoots pictures
0	can only use lcd to take pictures, no viewfinder
0	A little big
0	Problems with memory card...TWICE!
0	Macro capabilites have their problems.  Funky shape is not copacetic with shooting or wearing.
1	Great quality pictures, easy to use
1	lightweight, compact, USB cables included, prints directly to HP printers w/ computer
1	Chic, classy...can fit in your pocket, bag etc..Colorful..
0	The power zoom and digital viewfinder take some practice; proprietary battery
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
1	great pictures! small, convenient convenient camera!
1	Size, 3x Optical Zoom, 3.2MP... did I say size?
0	Cost? (not really)
1	Wow...  U.S.B., Whats NOT to like... (well there's...)
0	It doesn't come with a camera case!
1	Easy to install.  Quiet! Excellent printing quality.
0	Quite a few
1	great photos, easy to use
1	Very Quiet, Resolution, Print Quality, Price
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to use, good quality, inexpensive
0	Advertises Win 2000 support but not in the box
0	Two models we tried simply didn't work.
0	future inkjet costs (so is any other inkjet printer)
0	Menus not as good as Nokia
0	Sometimes loses connection in weak coverage areas
0	Like all Epson's, it is a noisy printer
0	Not enough gizmos for &amp;quot;advanced&amp;quot; digital camera buffs
1	cheap
0	Some difficulty in setting up with Windows ME. 
1	Nice slick camera.  Novelty to anyone who sees it.  Lots of neat features.
0	Bulky, shot lag time, limited image storage, viewfinder washes out in sun
1	inexpensive, acceptable quality of printing, reliable machine
0	Large size
0	Can eat ink cartridges
1	Light and fun!
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
1	Point and shoot, easy to use, high quality and sharp pictures, real time LCD update
1	Excellent zoom - CD-R drive - lower JPEG compression than previous Mavicas - SLR feel and functionality - USB connectivity - MPEG HQ
0	Flat feed scanner can be limiting. 
1	Light, stylish, easy to use
1	Super Fast Incredible Print Quality
1	great photo quality in a compact design w/ video capability!
0	feel of buttons, battery life, ability to hear other party.
1	small
1	Great photos, easy to use, good manual, many options, takes videos
1	Light, easy to fold up, easy to maneuver with one hand.
0	No optical zoom, drains batteries too quick
1	It's very stylish and the ring tones are cool.
1	Inexpensive and quiet
1	Great coverage, excellent clarity &amp; reasonable rates.
0	Focus could use a little work, and the loose lens cap is very annoying.  Some third-party compatibility would have been swell, too
0	expensive
0	customer service becomes your best friend
1	GREAT picture quality
0	Small buttons!
1	Cheap, light weight and easy to use
1	great Nokia UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna
1	Great size even for big hands. flip design. stong battery. joystick navigation
0	Cartridge is both B&amp;W and color ink, to replace one you replace both
1	Good Quality
0	buying print cartridges (not too often, though)
1	The price, the speed, the quality, HP printer reliability, low cost printer consumables
0	PCS VISION INTERNET BROWSER, FREQUENT LOCK UPS ON OLD FIRMWARE
1	Solid feel; great style; large display; quality mic and speakers; the perfect phone with bling
1	worldwide phone number, GSM roaming "just works
0	none
1	OK reception, nice ringtone quality, small and light
0	You can't even take all the pictures you want because the batteries are just sucked up.
0	Software problems, still not able to use USB cable
0	no zoom, short battery life
1	Good speed for price, nice color output, ease of setting up.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	High quality, versatile, comfy for baby
0	No games included, Not bluetooth compatible.
1	Good photo quality
0	Transmission quality not too great
1	small &amp; comfortable  size.  Easy to use menus.  Great looking pics.  Many Features.
0	Documentations may not be as thorough to explain features.
1	It's a travel system for two!!
0	drains batteries
0	Noise level, envelopes jam when printing
0	Focus sometimes hunts in dim light conditions
0	Cost
1	Optical Zoom, great pictures, great price
0	battery eater
1	Looks great and sounds great.
0	no movie mode
1	Does it all!
1	Prints superbly on Glossy and Inkjet Paper
0	must replace expensive color tank when a single color runs out
0	WAS EXPENSIVE,NOT ANY MORE IT NOW COSTS $179.00.....
1	RECEPTION!, styling, battery life, sound quality.
1	Descent price/battery life/camera.
1	Color Screen, Battery Life!, Brightness, Easy Navagation, Caller ID display on the outside!
1	Twist LCD screen ,IBM MicroDrive support, Flash Hot-shoe, Battery life, Multiple manual and automatic modes
0	Picture quality, no fill flash setting
1	User friendly, great pics up to 14x11's. Great zoom.
1	quality, resolution, storage, instant viewing
0	lag time
1	Fully compatible with Canon lenses and accessories, well-engineered
0	No bluetooth, poor ringtones and no java gaming.
1	&lt;i&gt;Excellent Photo Quality Output&lt;/i&gt;
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	Everything!!!!!
1	Strong, consistent reception! Easy to use, great speakerphone.
1	very good print quality, good flatbed scanning, computer-free fast copying, nicely designed
1	10x zoom, uses 3.5&amp;quot; disc, easy to use
0	no viewfinder and pricey extras
0	thirsty for ink  (not worse than other inkjets)
0	Flimsy.  Below average quality.
0	slow ADF scanning due to design defect
1	size and weight
1	Got it for a "STEAL", and the quality is fabulous
1	Price, Speed, Quality
0	User-selected ring volume works only when phone is OPEN!! Wait, there's more!
1	User Friendly, Great Price, Quality Output
1	Train whistle message tone, color animation, ease of use
0	Short Battery Life, Small Flash card included
1	Small, lightweight, battery is included with camera, good resolution, excellent 8x10 color prints, Nikon reputation
1	Very cheap, Low cost if you use generic carts, Top Notch output on glossy paper...
1	Decent quality printing, especially on photographic paper
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	iMacs must get a floppy drive.
0	Display gives out after about 8 months, easy to lose
0	To accomodate its large screen, the phone is not super-slim.  The menu could be better.
0	Basket on the Bottom isn't big enough to hold Diaper bags
0	Nokia Customer Service
0	Limited to 640x480 resolution
0	n/a
1	Great quality prints
0	price, slower focus
1	Lightweight, easy to use, durable.
0	none
1	Battery life, sound quality, ease of use
0	Not a user friendly menu, not easily customizable, very loud ringer.
0	Ok batery life, small screen, little too big
1	User friendly, easy tutorials
1	Game is so much fun.  Great with multy-player or with single-player!
0	Letters on keyboard are tearing off.
0	Not able to manually manipulate settings for more artistic work.
1	simple to use, price, 3.3 MP
1	4 Megapixel, Produces great images suitable for printing, rechargeable battery
1	Price - ease of use - compatibility
0	NONE
1	Easy to lear, good resolution, inexpensive
0	Price, weak flash, limited resolution choices
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync software hard to set up
0	not a camera phone
1	Easy, have never had any problems with it.
1	fun, cute, easy to set up, light, durable
0	Battery Power
1	3x optical zoom, SD/MMC slot, video out, macro mode, easy menus, batteries
0	Battery life
0	none
0	lens cap falls off easily
0	Bad battery, bad connections, small buttons
0	design isn't on par with other Epson printers
1	Small, Lithium battery, Great colours
1	great all around functions, does the job in cheap package
1	Low cost, well made
0	Poor battery life, no built-in battery charger, ROTTEN software
0	None
1	Compact, high quality, complete control AND video!
0	DOT4_001 errors, driver updating
0	Requires somewhat of maintenance to prevent ink jets from drying.
0	None that I am aware of
0	Dated, 2-line display, not great with US networks, no "fun" extras
0	color ink is pricey, but cost per page is ok
0	none
1	Great ease of use, multifunctional, great features
0	not much basket room, does not recline
0	Lack of storage space
1	plenty of features
1	Size, display works well in bright light, and ease of use.
1	Great Options and Price
1	quick radio communications
0	Support and parts are difficult.
0	I bit big and heavy for casual photo taking.
0	Slow, Has had it's mechanical problems
0	no lens cover
1	Powerful images. User Friendly. 
1	ADF, fast printing, excellent print quality
1	Very fast, quiet, extremely easy to set up and use. Toner is cheaper than HP.
0	Too much of a reddish cast given to most indoor pictures.
1	Nice looking, great sound, easy locking
0	Limited Flash, no protection for LCD screen
1	Great printings, user-friendly, card reader, and helpful additional software.
1	Awesome photo printing, convenient multi-function device
0	Kind of Heavy
1	Very easy to use!
1	Comfortable to talk on, color covers, priced right
0	HORRIBLE Buttons, terrible for text messaging
0	Loud
0	Under-powered flash
1	picture quality, ease of use, clear LCD screen, compact, durable-even when wet.
1	Price, quality, size
1	Nice Photos
1	Wonderful stills, good resolution, simplicity of use
1	Size/weight, illuminated keypad and screen, internal antenna, features, apparent durability.
1	Cheap, fast, great prints, good ink length
0	no reversible handle, 2 seat positions
0	Menus not always intuitive, memory card provided is too small
0	slightly bulky
0	none so far
0	Horrendous user interface
0	The price might make that mouth quite dry too...
1	Quiet, Fast, Compact, Individual Color Ink Cartridges.
0	Horrible durability
0	ringtones - doesn't support midi ringtones, side buttons can be pressed easily when in pocket.
0	I can't really think of anything... oops - sorry...
1	Easy to install
1	Inexpensive, ideal digi-camera for first use, pleasing results
0	Nothing much.
1	Inexpensive, durable, easy setup
1	Nice software that came with it. Picture quality wasn't to bad when it would work.
1	Rechargeable battery, quick USB download of photos, 15 second movies, in-camera editing of pics
1	Small size, wow factor, decent resolution.
0	Keys too close together, touch screen is moody, sound quality poor
1	The battery life is great.
0	Small storage (you use a lot of disks)
1	Great ink setup. Excellent color and speed.
1	takes great pictures and still cheap
0	Blurred colors, edge spots, see dots/lines
1	tiny,lovely,functional, easy use.....
0	I don't like the voice speaking telling me the printing is started and complete.  
0	NONE
0	Sound could be better.
0	lower tray location, foot print
1	Excellent colors and photo quality, full manual controls
0	If you need the PostScript option, that may place the printer on the pricey side.
0	battery life
1	Lens, construction
0	Lack of shutter/aperature control. Complicated menu system for advanced features.
0	none
0	Grab some backup batteries!
0	expensive battery&amp;#13;&amp;#10;lens does not rotate (like Nikon950, RicohRDC4300)
1	Good reception, excellent sound, fast and user-friendly UI, good battery, world phone
0	Difficulty taking low light shots, video quality poor and no sound
0	weak ringer volume, small keys
1	Convenient, easy to use
1	Cheap, decent quality
1	Star-Trekky look puts you in the 'cool' crowd
1	Floppy disk, good colour
1	easy to use, very sturdy
1	1200x1200 resolution
0	One sitting position
1	fast, sharp printing
0	Too large, a bit slow
0	Pretty Basic Model - for more literate
1	voice dialing, web/email, many extra option
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
1	Ultra-sharp high res photos, Lots of user
1	Small, lightweight
0	Costly power adapter!
1	Megapixel quality, easy to use
1	none
1	cheap, reception,, features
1	Good Quality, Price, Features and Ease of Use
0	Way too LOUD.
0	Battery EATER, USB problems, no ac adapter, Manual on CD
0	battery life less than expected
0	under seat storage is too shallow, seat seemed too thin
1	It does what it's supposed to do.
0	Durability, reception, picture quality, speed dial
0	Earphone/Ringer Volume, Unnaceptable reception.
0	none, so far
1	Thin
0	Eats batteries, no zoom, poor resolution, slow uploads
0	poor antenna, poor design
1	Size, weight, and easy to use
0	Major driver problems
1	Cheap, usb &amp; serial, ok w/ win xp, lightweight, takes a beating
1	Infrared features, nice design, nice ergonomics, nice class
1	Inexpensive, free you buy a packaged deal with a Compaq computer, dual cartridge system.
1	Great Digital Camera quality and ease of use. 
0	For new users will have to practice to understand features, big time phone guys might want to jump to the 6190.
0	antenna
1	Nice looking phone, ample features, good reception.
0	Could not achieve focus in normal household lighting situations.  Lens is not very sharp.
1	Compact, lightweight, comes with a RECHARGEABLE BATTERY. Excellent quality.
0	large foot print, loud. UPDATE: Breaks to easily!
1	Great Value, Lots of features
0	Cheap parts. Drops calls. Voice calling rarely works. No games. No calculator. Bad interface.
0	expensive, hard to see LED in sun
1	Reliable, good output quality, acceptable speed
1	prints great
0	Needs expensive paper to produce photo quality images
0	Battery life is a problem. Need extra battery pack.
0	Noise
0	Long initialization time before printing of first page
1	Size, Durability, Photo Quality
1	Inexpensive, high quality printing, very easy to use.
1	small, reliable and you can change colors to fit any mood!
1	small, brilliant screen, great reception, voice dial
1	HP Realiability, crisp color and black print
1	light weight, lots of features
0	poor reception, poor battery life, factory defects
0	Price, no speakerphone, no downloads, no expansion, no bluetooth
1	compact
1	Great features
1	Auto dual sided feature, quiet, neat design.
0	As packaged by Canon, contains only Windows software drivers.
0	Max size is 8.5 x 14
1	EasyShare system makes fast picture transfer; easy e-mailing and printing; battery recharging
1	*Voice recording.&#13;&#10;*Strong vibration .&#13;&#10;*Small size .&#13;&#10;*Shortcut button .
0	Not quite as indestructible as higher priced cameras, 6.1 megapixel myth
1	Low price, large color prints, up to 11 x 17!
1	Large basket, cute print hides spills, double front wheels, lots of cupholders
0	Too expensive for what it is (i710 phone, and service).
1	Small size, light weight, bright LCD and manual features.  1 year warranty.
1	Nice Price, Quick Non Color Printing, 4800x1200 Optimized dpi, Space Conservation, Windows XP Compatible.
0	It's old now.
1	Small, great photos, easy to use.
1	Price, good quality prints
1	Nice size, fast, nice features, nice photos and fairly long battery life...
1	So small it fits in your pocket, lots of features, great sound!
1	Compact size, Durable case, Many Features, Easy to Use
1	Color screen, nice features, loud ring, GPS device, Get It Now
1	Great inside shots. Flash works well.
1	Great color, Individual ink tanks
1	inexpensive
0	Can't find any cons!
0	Nothing really. Possibly price, the Owners Manual
1	EXCELLENT print quality, GREAT print speed, HP name
0	No calendar/PIM, Lack of shortcuts
1	Speed and Color Printing
0	a little bulky, buttons can be a little confusing
1	Price and ease of use.
0	Check the battery for the performance &amp; then buy it
1	A Great Concept from convergence of two very good companies
0	Hard to hold still ... That might just be me.
0	Somewhat heavier than those cute little phones
1	Excellent print quality, adjustable settings to photo quality for people, nature, etc.
0	not happy with battery use and zoom
1	Lightweight and compact.
0	Leather case design and poor of hands free ear attachment
0	A little slow
1	600 dpi, quick, text and graphics print well, accepts variety of media, horizontal paper tray
1	tons of them
0	missing remote control functionality; no provided external power supply
1	Resolution, usage, aesthetics
0	Expensive, other similar models are out now, no color
1	Stylish, small foot print, priced right
1	Very small and light. Easy to use. Has most needed features.
0	If I have more than 20 pictures to upload to computer sometimes locks up.  
0	Large Camera, better picture quality, night blindness, faster disk cycle time
0	Battery life not long enough
1	Easy to use, takes great pictures, lots of options.
1	Great speakerphone, two LCD's, downloadable apps, plenty of ringtones.
1	fast, quality, price
0	price, short canopy, handles
0	old
1	Great at the price
0	silver paint covering, uncomfortable belt clip, screen tough to see in sunlight, silver paint
0	speakerphone is a little weak, annoying you can't go directly to phonebook
1	Big, cheap storage. Great exposure options. Smart battery. Great photos.
0	battery life in phone, can only store 10 people on speed dial
0	camera doesnt not take good pictures at all
1	The cost
0	Short battery life, takes a long time to autofocus. 
1	Easy To Use, Great Picture Quality, Optical and Digital Zoom, Great Value.
1	Great quality photo's, easy to use for a novice and robust case.
0	front of phone scratches to easily,battery life.
0	Horrible service in the CNY area, poor video quality, snapshot noise when photo is taken
1	Great pics, small size, optical zoom
1	Great Product 
0	non-standard battery, on/off switch can go on by accident
1	Price
0	Low capacity toner cartridge with unit.
0	Expensive, Big and bulky
1	Ease of use, small size, video files WITH sound
0	5-hr recharge time, microphone pick-up not sensitive enough, no pouch
0	Expensive, large, only 6 shot buffer, no IEEE-1394, changes lens focal length to 1.5X
1	light weight
1	Copying, scanning, faxing all work well... good price also.
0	What I paid
0	slightly expensive
0	High volume feed problem
1	Size, Well back lit, ability to use data kit.
1	This printer produces wet-lab quality photos.  It is fast and economical.
0	No bluetooth, vibration alert too weak, slow response time.
0	1. Unacceptable reception 2. Unacceptable reception 3. Unacceptable reception
1	Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery life.
0	reception not good, no colour background, monophonic ringtone.
1	Cheap among 8000 series
0	Battery life, antenna (lame), easily scratched, Earpiece volume too loud
1	Form factor,screen size,voice clarity,signal holding strength,PIM functionality
0	Poor battery life, picture quality, software. List goes on.
0	Reception not that great&#13;&#10;voice quality sometimes fuzzy&#13;&#10;no WAP (wireless internet)&#13;&#10;could be smaller
1	CD-R technology, excellent image capacity, low cost of frame, wide zoom capability, comfortable view finder
1	Size, Battery life, outside flip display
1	Small, long battery life, stylish
0	Rare glitches
1	Small, sleek design, clear crisp pictures
1	Easy to use
1	Great pictures, easy to use, scriptable
1	Very cheap cost, excellent print quality, toner carts are inexpensive
0	Color rendition not always accurate, lens cap, slow auto focus, rechargeable battery not included.
0	up front price is shocking, however pays for itself in little amount of time
0	Battery life could be longer.
0	Horrible customer service... delivery problems
0	no auto-keylock, can only text message other voicestream phones.
0	Pricey (but worth it)
1	Colour fidelity and resolution
0	Non-Standard Earphone Plug, Complex Menus, Tiny Touchpad Produces Unwanted Errors, Build-Quality Flaws
1	Easy to use, multifunctional
1	small, clam shell, call clarity, 1xRTT capable, midi sound (polyphonic), web-enabled
0	HORRIBLE customer service, slow transfer time, heavy, a couple flimsy parts
1	Fantastic close-up capability.
0	Loud, high cost of ink
0	A little bulky, which only attracts attention.
0	buy it
0	Batteries, LCD
1	zoom, adjustable flash level, ease of use
1	Unique design, loudspeaker, video recorder, digital camera, voice dialing, IR port, MMC memory slot.
1	Numerous &quot;kool&quot; features! Packed with goodies! Light weight and inexpensive!
1	Price, ease of use, design
1	Good design, durability, signal quality and lots of features for a low price.&#13;&#10;
0	Needs a larger display & more ear volume.
0	Battery needs charging almost daily
1	lightweight but sturdy, quick and easy to use
1	Super
1	Inexpensive, Great Performance, Durable, Has the Important Features
1	Battery life, size, voice dialer
0	Nub antenna, weak vibration
0	gsm network not always available, no date with time
1	small, excellent upgrade, cool looks.  This phone rocks!
0	A bit loud/paper pulling problem
1	Fast, quiet, incredible prints
0	bigger than most, heavy.... thats about it
0	weight, form factor, backlight
0	bad zoom, no case
0	HORRIBLE reception, very quiet ringer and speaker, countless other things
1	~ easy to use, ~ very durable, ~ takes great pictures
0	N/A
1	great price, best quality 
1	Great photo prints
0	Outrageous Ink Price, with Proprietary Chips in Cartridge!
1	ease of use
0	breaks easily
1	Cheaper than others
0	Very low end
0	Lag time in focusing is sometimes lengthy.
1	The keypad works most of the time...Not all the time but most
0	Below-average camera, no MP3 player, no way to expand memory
0	Full-figured.  Expensive.
1	Print, Copy, Scan and send Faxes from one unit!
1	Excellent color quality and photo detail.
0	Not the best quality, You get what you pay for.
0	Sometime better to use viewfinder
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges
1	Acts as PDA, easy to read screen, predictive typing, Othello/Reversi game, voice dialing
1	reliable, good color, easy to control
1	best pic quality in this class--no doubt!
0	Doesn't do anything well; doesn't do most things passably
0	Slow shots and transfer.
1	Reception, reception (two antennas), data capabilities, Nokia support
1	Good screen. Syncs with Rhapsody.
1	Fairly small.  Good battery life.  Fair features.
0	Labels and envelopes are difficult to print
0	Goes through cartridges very quickly.
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Print head goes out and it cost 150.00 to replace - largest rip-off ever. 
1	Awesome print quality, fast and quiet. Consistent color and tones.
1	superb image quality, easy to use, sets new low-price standards
1	Very easy to navigate menu and change settings. Software drivers integrate well with photo applications.
1	Looks really cool, Super Thin, Features Galore, Downloadable Screensavers and Ringers, Dual color display
1	small, easy-to-use, comes with color and ink cartridges free
1	Good image quality, Fun video feature, AWESOME feel
1	Great affordable camera
0	it is a point and shoot. NO VIDEO 
1	a inexpensive all-in-one, perfect for small volume, easy software
0	battery life, phone inserts(i can't find any)
1	Great phone, Excellent Reception
1	Nice user's manual and well done set-up directions
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	Call waiting feature, smallish buttons.
1	cheap, nice-looking, name and number programming
0	Games...who needs them?!?!?
1	Polyphonic ring tones, loads of talk time, way better than Motorola c331
0	top feeder
1	small, no external antennae, no flip, great features
0	slow print speed
1	very easy to use; excellent picture quality
1	GoodLooking, Dual LCDs, Voice-Active, WAP, Shortcuts Menus, ringtone-composer
0	Poor battery life, a bit overpriced.
0	Speed is slow on high-resolution and color graphics.
0	Kind of boring
1	High Quality
0	No built in zoom
0	Must lock-out keypad or it calls/turns off while in your pocket, receives calls without ringing.
0	None for a sub $500 digicam 
1	Small, lots of options, good battery life, very convenient
1	Cheap, Quite good picture quality, Extremely easy to use
0	Fixed ISO setting, Horrible movies
1	Flat, long battery life and a few cool features
1	Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality Printing
0	Speaker requires open phone, dropped calls, no self-portrait on camera, side buttons inadvertently operate phone.
0	A little on the larger side compared with many new phones
1	Solid body, the option to go fully manual and great pictures!
1	Great price,good pics
1	Long Battery Life; Durable; Easy to operate (no flip open to dial or talk)
0	The instruction manual is a little vague in some sections.
1	Glowing backlight, reception, speakerphone, excellent quality and reliable
1	light weight, durable, small.
1	sturdy, great print quality, easy set up
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	OK display, expensive accessories, small buttons, drops calls (or due to my carrier)
0	not photo-quality for largest pictures
1	Fast and crisp color
0	Everything
1	Clear photos, Upgradeable memory
0	It has few options like zoom.
1	Fast and affordable; with a proper paper tray
1	Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
1	Electronic Viewfinder Plus LCD, Excellent Fit/Grip, 8X Optical and Nikor Lens.
0	Price tag
1	Everything
0	Fairly expensive printer cartridges
0	Short Battery Life, Expensive
1	Easy to use, flat bed scanner, very quiet, plenty of options.
0	Nothing I can think of
1	camera, mp3 player, bluetooth, durable, expandable, large clear screen
1	Fast,quality prints b&amp;w prints at a good price.
0	Pictures can be blurry. Phone sometimes blacks out.
0	TERRIBLE BATTERY LIFE, POOR MACRO FOCUS, slow focus, poor quality video, 
0	Short battery life.
0	not laser
0	uneasy LCD button
1	Looks pretty (like a lemon).
0	hard to read instruction manual..... uses batteries very fast
1	Holds up well to lots of kids
0	Eats batteries
1	Great pictures, portable
1	Good feature control, nice macro feature, good image quality
0	Poor reception, clarity, interface and battery life/durability.
1	Very easy to install, with a great installation guide. Great printer for the price.
0	No voice dialing, a bit confusing menu, few and expensive accessories
1	square format
0	EATS Batteries!!! Horrible low light focus
1	Highly versatile input capabilities, fast text print speed, great print output, intuitive, hp historical reliability.
0	Price of Ink (a con with any ink jet)
1	Good reception, perfect for a general user. Includes voicemail.
1	easy to use, great quality
0	price for average joe like you and me ... only one I can think of
0	ink cartridges on the expensive side
1	Digital photography at a throw-away camera price.
0	static-filled reception indoors, echoing when on calls to a digital phone, prone to software problems.
1	User Interface, Hands Free, Feature Packed
0	price and ink prices
1	Nokia 8310
1	see review
0	issues with customer service
0	it wasn't worth that much
1	very inexpensive,  good quality pictures
1	FUN!
0	No View Finder, Low Battery Life
0	Short battery life, limited zoom, no sound on camera for movie playback.
0	Screen can be scratched and no carrying case has been designed.
1	size, quality of photos, features, ease of use.
1	Features, Talk time
0	poor battery life, no manual adjustment,bad picture quality, flimsy build 
1	Small, handy, memory stick, USB
1	Takes Clear Shots, Easy to Use, Good Features for Price
1	Fast, color, prints an array  of things
0	uses batteries quickly, not reliable
0	Noisy at times and literally spews the paper out.  It surprises some people.
0	Wimpy ring; Size may be a problem for those with visual impairments or large hands
1	strong, light, easy handling
0	Service isn't so great in small areas
0	You might forget you have it on.
1	cool shape, radio, different face plates, multiple ring tones
0	poor battery life, no Li ion btry option, sftwr a little cumbersome
1	cheap, easy to use
0	Needs a "firmware" update from manufacturer before it will interface with Mac. 
0	Not very good action shots
1	I like this digital camera a lot. Easy to use.  
0	Expensive Cartridge
1	I works for home use
1	Small, Light, Features, Battery life, free headset & vibrating battery
1	Good battery life; ease of use
0	Delay in capture, no separate charger
0	**too many to list - see above**
0	Basket not included
0	Less features than competition, Up-close image quality concerns, Different aspect ratios in support resolutions 
1	cheap price; stylish; good software
0	A bit noisy, flimsy, sometimes blurry, software average
1	Color screen, High speed system, looks, ease of use, lots of features, durability
1	Inexpensive, excellent print quality, fast printing
1	light weight, voice dialing, vibrate, active IR port, easy to use, & more!
1	Price, ability to take photo's no matter where you are.
0	none whatsoever
1	340 mb microdrive for extra storage
0	No lens cover
1	Clam-shell design, good sound, good reception, good battery life
0	2-3 Second delay from the time you press the button until the picture is actually snapped
1	Great camera!  Easy to use and excellent photo quality!
0	battery life!!!
0	Battery life
0	not too many ringing types and more storage of numbers
0	Print quality is not as good as a more expensive printer
0	Came in with a factory defect - microphone doesn't work
0	Limited options, flimsy battery door, eats batteries
0	Ink cartridges are somewhat pricey (apx. $35)
1	Strong, durable , looks good, can't wear it out...
0	No vibrating ringer, larger then 3360, no changable faceplates
1	Multi function, easy to use, high quality printing, 
1	Easy to change options, clarity of preview, great zoom quality
1	Excellent graphics including monochrome and color.
0	Expensive...
0	Battery cost, reliability
0	Like pushing an Explorer through the mall. 
1	Great Value, Fast high-quality printing, convenient PC-less copying 
1	Excellent software, bright screen, great reception, powerful battery, very light, Bluetooth, InfraRed, etc
0	A little weigh
0	high cost
1	low cost
0	Battery life is short
0	poor battery life when using lcd display, serial port interface is slow
1	Rides nice, looks nice, infant seat fits in my small back seat
0	Not quite small enough for your pocket, average battery life
0	graphic printing
1	User-friendly. AA batteries. Great quality.
0	Picture quality
1	Outstanding battery life and great manual controls
0	No battery life, not dependable, worst in class keypad.
1	Least expensive 2.3MP camera available
0	Grainy shots, poor focusing, poor use of auto-flash features. You get what you pay for.
0	Print speed could be better
0	dismal battery life, awkward keypad, user interface
1	HP quality, fast and excellent printouts, and easy to use.
0	T9, much radiation, not comfortable on ear
1	size and reception are awesome
1	Easy-to-use, good picture quality, using normal AA batteries
0	first one I bought was a lemon
0	Get some rechargeable batteries.
0	A few Minor  Compatibility Concerns
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	Fits right into your pocket, external caller ID, very easy to use
1	Tons of features, good everywhere, long lasting battery, and games for when you get bored.
1	Great Digital Camera for beginners.
0	does not print like a laser printer
0	No lens cover, fixed focus, no zoom
1	Light, sweet and really has high resolution for a great little pocket sized camera.
0	does not play .mp3 files
0	A few quirky design flaws, ring options, menu system is more complex than needed
0	Some minor usability issues, "shelf life" of only a year.
1	Simple to use, feels solid, very durable.
1	Infrared support
0	Sometimes overexposes on auto settings. Software bundle outdated.
0	Mediocre Support and Warranty, high ink costs, black ink sold separately, USB only.
1	quality printing, fast, cheap cartridges
0	risky technology
1	Inexpensive.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Takes excellent pictures.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great screen for preview viewing.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB-enabled and ComactFlash.
1	Good optical zoom, RAW mode, Great results, Plenty of user control
1	Very high resolution, full manual control, long battery life, compact
0	Hard to locate subject in low light conditions
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	small, handy, decent quality pics
1	reception/camera
0	Terrible reception, software bugs
0	no power supply, expensive batteries, poor design
0	low ringer volume, occasional sluggish response,
0	Battery life is SHORTer than your pinky. Volume on custom rings is poor.
1	Excellent Image Quality, Easy to use, Easy grip shape. Professional lens and Amazing 5.24 megapixels.
0	NONE
1	Easy to use, informative upper LCD display, feels good quality, fair picture quality
1	unrivaled digital image quality
0	Not durable, lasted less than a year
0	Cost
1	Cute camera, great color representation
0	None found yet
0	Screen could be brighter.
1	Great images, pocketable, fast and easy to use.
0	not compact   ....not really a problem for most
1	very cheap to purchase, easy to setup
0	No true zoom feature, less options for more advanced users
1	Super durable, quick battery charge, great screen colours & resolution, volume variability
0	Worked 5 minutes then after 4 months of no working printer HP gave partial refund
1	Great Pics
0	The camera body a  bit too smooth and no lens threads for filters
1	Great pictures, a lot of features, compact, good built in screen
0	bad View finder, limited zoom, slow auto focus
0	blurry pictures, poor quality
0	battery life is not that great, night shots aren't an improvement 
0	No external attachments, lense not threaded, weird tripod mounting location, poor software.
1	Size, color screen, battery life, WAP
1	works like SLR. upgradeable. vivid, accurate colours. AC adapter included.
1	Small, easy to carry
1	Dependable
1	convenient, sturdy, durable
1	Easy sync to outlook, contacts, etc.
1	compact size, high quality pictures, excellent battery life
1	Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
0	Not very comfortable, no shopping basket, slightly suspect raincover fittings
0	none!
0	Lack of Windows2000 Drivers, No Zoom
1	user-friendly
0	Hard to take low-light pictures.
0	Size makes it difficult to handle. READ THIS OPINION BEFORE YOU BUY!
0	Two-way communication is not 100%, tolled long distance help line. Not compatible with Windows XP.
0	Super slow speed, uses up ink cartridges very quickly, loud.
0	The keypad is very user unfriendly. Don't buy if you wanna text lots.
0	Noisy, slow, irritating
1	Small, point and shoot and nice looking
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	cheap, fast, reliable, laser
0	Battery life, serial connection
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
0	un-clear printing quality
0	None
0	Long shot delay, slow shutter ineffective
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	Expensive!!!
1	great pictures (for 1.3 mp), easy to use, durable
1	Voice identification, 32 styles of rings, and EVERYTHING else about it.
0	Higher price, come with too small memorystick
0	Battery Life,Back lite display in sun lite
1	clear text, never jams
0	NONE!!!
1	Looks nice, small enough to fit in a slim handbag, great graphics.
1	It is light weight and compact and prints well.  The scanner option is a cool idea. 
1	Provides all the basic functions of a cell phone.
0	A little bulky and a little heavy
1	so many functions that all work great
1	Cheap; works ok
0	For the pixel by pixel resolution still expensive investment
0	long antenna(when extended), rather large size, no calendar, ring tones mostly silent
1	Size, quality and ease of use.
0	paper feeder, print cartridge is expensive
0	Purple does not print well.
0	Image quality can be inconsistent, iffy low-light...build quality mediocre.
1	Easy to Use, Great LCD display, Nice photos
0	Flash range is too short.
0	Slower to print
1	lightweight & small, seems relatively sturdy, good sound, lots of features
1	Good color, relatively trouble-free operation.
0	none
0	Battery life, difficult navigation, no clock.
0	Problems with direct hookup to computer
0	none really
1	Tons of features
1	Close up shots.
1	Color screen, camera attachment, weight, features, voice dial, Fast GPRS data transfer, memo recorder
0	Not the best quality photos
0	no out of camera charger
1	easy to use,text messaging,camera phone
1	Nice appearance. Compact. Great outside shots.
1	Good talktime, Lotta features.
0	BIG (not well-suited for sitting on the desk) 
1	Quality, speed and price
1	simple, straightforward and excelent pictures
0	Frustrating buttons, poor sound quality, frustrating user interface, annoying charger
0	Slime factor, weak battery, transferring contacts, ugly, won't sync, won't record phone conversations
0	truly the only con, Don't apply the canon photo to it 
0	No analog band, no speaker phone, marginal battery life, pricey.
0	Limited picture printing quality
1	Disk switch out
1	Great picture quality. 3" CD-R/RW media. Auto and Manual settings. MPEG movies with sound.
1	Value, Quality, Design
0	Setting the time is difficult to figure out.
1	Reasonable price, crisp colors, okay speed, very quiet
0	Larger than the newer phones
0	Low optical zoom (2x)
0	black and white images, low res
0	The camera itself is fairly low quality and breaks too often.
1	Ease of use
1	Large, see-thru flip, Durability, Time-tested design, & Price
1	Nice Looking, good Bluetooth and Voice Dialing
1	Reliable, Easy to setup, Acceptable print quality. 
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	Great Pictures
1	Size, Battery Life, Picture Quality
0	use's a lot of ink for black and white
0	Weighty for its size
1	voice quality, voice dialing, color screen, interface, size
0	Won't feed; keeps jamming; eventually dies like other HP products
0	Expensive, auto sensor sometimes not reliable
0	Thank you very much!
0	Cheap design, poor software/user communication, huge footprint.
1	Cost, comes out great
0	Not made for photographs
1	small; easy to use
1	Small, durable, easy to customize, easy to operate
1	excellent quality photos, amazing resolution and realism
0	Takes a while to set up.
1	Light weight; fits in palm the palm of your hand; colorful cases; white screen
1	none compared to similar products
0	No Speaker Phone, Earpiece not included in the package.
1	very durable,great features.
1	Simple, stylish package
0	Lag between pictures
1	Very slick and attractive, portible, lightweight, Ringtones, faceplates,Good sound quality...ect
0	lens cap, documentation
1	1. easy to install, options and quality
1	Store Images on Floppys
0	not a lot of storage, 
0	Fairly large, 2MB memory may not be enough for some
0	Poor people pictures
0	size
1	Cheap, good for home users.  
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
0	Battery life! Viewfinder lineup!
1	Sturdy and Full-featured
1	Good reliable machine for limited amount of space and money.
0	Slightly fuzzy connections;  lengthy recharges
0	Price
0	Expensive cartridges; extremely noisy; jams.
0	Very low key volume, antenna seems fragile, small LCD screen, no games :)
0	Battery Usage
0	Noisy! Fragile inards. Broke after 4 months light use. HP replaced for free. Still happy!
1	Nice price, easy to use, decent pictures, battery life
0	feels flimsy, ringers not too loud
1	Quality and Value
1	Price, Price, Price
1	8X zoom, compact size, excellent 3 megapixel images, , 
1	Lightweight, easy use, versatile, great quality photography
0	Worst reception imaginable, laden with useless features, no downloadable ringtones
1	Great Print Quality
0	Big, Heavy, Screen Isn't Color.
1	all-in-one
1	The Size gave the neatness of a camera
0	Not enough pixels to use for printed out pictures
1	Compact; loaded with features; great battery life
1	Cheap, Light weight
0	Not all that I can see.
1	Cheap and high quality
1	Costco's add ons (extra batterie and leather case); UNCONDITIONAL MONEY BACK GUARANTEE WITHOUT TIME CONSTRAINT
0	Other person needs to have the same phone to get the free part of it.....bad reception, too many controls
1	great product
0	No optical viewfinder. 4MB memory stick is too small.
1	Quality printing,easy to use,affordable ink
0	Not very durable, slow in response time
1	Great design
0	Picture quality isn't that great
0	-the seconds it takes from when you press the button to take the picture, and the picture is actually taken
0	Although a 10x zoom is featured, there are no optional 200 or 300mm lens that I'm aware of.
1	Inexpensive, feature-packed phone. Excellent battery life. Light-weight.
0	NO HIGH SPEED INTERNET CONNECTIVITY (slower than 9600 bps!)
0	Heavy, over-kill software, Poor focus characteristics, bad macro ability. incorrect color matching.
1	Easy to use - very logical buttons
1	Good quality
1	Looks cool
1	print quality, price, USB connectivity
1	Great for the price. Easy to use.  
1	Reception, text message software, uses sim cards, battery life
0	Single colour cartridge vs. seperate tanks.
0	Battery life seems to vary between good and merely adequate. 
0	my 4th canon in 3 years
1	Wonderful close-ups
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
0	Battery life is on the weak side.  No date on the display, lots of toggling.
1	Lightweight, lots of features, clam shell style with color.
0	None
0	USB connection to my Mac doesn't work most of the time, Usability design
1	Great camera
0	Noisy, poor color output, annoying installation
1	Well-made, easy-to-use controls, batteries last longer
0	price (!!!!!), very large and heavy
1	Quiet, print quality, HP customer service
0	Some features of the phone are not available
1	cheaper price than some
1	Excellent Optics,AC adapter included,Easy to use
0	Small lens, grainy pictures
0	It always felt so cheap and flimsy to me
1	Features, user interface, build quality, battery life,
0	Poor low light performance, drains batteries, no flash.
0	static in speakers in car and also bothers the computer monitor.
0	Can't open when holstered, can't adjust ringer/mode with flip closed, battery capacity.
0	When printing photos, ink takes a long time to dry.
0	Not capable of doing high quality pics
1	Good Price, Built Well, Great Resolution!
0	Phone has been through repairs, hard to get certain parts, no good speakerphone options
0	everything.bad reception.no signal.  bad battery life.
0	It takes a LONG time to print anything in the best quality mode.
1	easy to operate
1	Nikon name, form factor.
1	Good size, good photo quality, trendy look, high resolution capability
0	Slow writes, slow reads, slow boot-up, slow shut-down...JUST PLAIN SLOW
0	Handle Height Not Adjustable
1	Sharp, clear pictures. Intuitive interface. Good colour reproduction.
1	Easy software. Postscript driver. IR port. Quiet.
1	Good picture quality and price
1	A lot of functions, Physically attractive, Easy to use
1	fun and functional
1	Good price, decent quality
1	Good quality
0	Speakerphone &amp; Wireless Web Message needs improvement..
0	4MB stick too small - will need more. Flash images gray out a bit. 
0	hard to use power button, sometimes goes off by itself
1	small, VERY generous bundle, easy software, photo quality, ease of use
1	Great pictures. Just great.
0	none at this time
0	can't think of any
1	Use frequently, great phone!
0	EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and ergonomics.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Great image quality &amp; plenty of features to give the photographer total control.
1	Big screen. Notifies when e-mail arrives. Nice color!
1	Small/compact, fast accurate prints, owners manual reader friendly
1	Phone, pager, 2way, internet, sms, email all in one. looks neat.
1	Lots of storage, easy handling, stylish, very affordable
0	short battery life, fragile to carry around
1	Floppy Disk Film, Easy to Manage, Great Quality Pics, Large LCD Viewport
0	None yet!
0	I still can't get a date with it.
1	Cheap
1	size, appearance, and features.  A winner.
1	Voice dialing, terrific battery life, great reception!
1	Flexibility, Usability, Technology, Price, Quality
1	Size, ease of use.
0	Quiet Ringer. Sketchy Speakerphone and Handset sound. Useless Airplane mode. T-Zones Overkill.
0	Turns on and off really easily when putting it into camera bag.
0	Uses batteries quickly
1	inexpensive, few jams
1	Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
0	uses a lot of batteries
0	Incompatibility with other services
1	Compact, handy.
0	Set up instructions
1	Superior Performance, Incredibly Small, Classy Styling, Feature Packed
0	Low res LCD, Battery hungry, Long Boot up
1	quiet, great speed, and great pictures.
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
1	small! sounds good! sturdy!
0	limited zoom; Inaccessible memory card; serial transfer
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Great detail, high dpi
1	Small, good call clarity, useful outside mini display
0	high cost, unreliable
0	Really bad reception and cavernous sound.
1	price, flash, easy to use
1	easy to use, lightweight, practical
1	Size, resolution
0	8 Meg card too small, Close up fuzzy. Flash and battery life is poor
0	shutter lag, small capacity memory stick included
0	Bad reception
0	Battery life, fixed lens
1	Picture quality, small size, good looks
1	PTT is great, provider service is good.
1	Compact size, clear reception, many great features.
0	Print cartrige cost
1	great options
0	Price, mediocre web browser, somewhat unfinished casing
1	Good phone and features for the price.
0	switching on/off whenever it feels like
1	Ease of use. Lightweight. Customizable.
1	Quality, lots of options
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
0	low light is blurry, flash is too much sometimes, not enough MP, 
0	LCD screen a little weak in bright sun.
0	None yet.
1	cheap
1	One integrated Device, distinctive layout.
0	No PC network support, poor policies, USB only, expensive and poorly stocked supplies
0	ease of feature-use (lack thereof)
0	Expensive
0	Can't turn off LEDs; Some factors can cause echoing.
1	Low cost
0	It runs out of ink and I have to wait!!!!
1	Size & weight are ideal for the price. Easy to use and looks great, too!
0	Poor Battery Life, hard to change faceplate, Loud Vibrating Alert!
1	Small, Lightweight, Great Reception, Clear Speakerphone
0	doesn't live up to claims. quickly breaks down
0	uses batteries fast
1	Small size, smart interface, IR port, changeable faceplate covers screen
0	A bit pricey
1	Great resolution and image quality
1	great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
0	does not handle low light and distance very well
1	lightweight, easy to fold, wheels conveniently spaced for stair climbing
0	Gucky Nokia ringtones.
1	Small&#13;&#10;Nice display
1	Ease of use and great pictures
0	battery life is terrible, durability is a big ?????
0	lens, software that is included
1	small, good quality color &amp;amp;b&amp;amp;w prints
0	Noisy and slow zoom, pricey
0	Short battery life
0	hidden costs - buy rechargable batteries and a smart card
0	short battery life, questionable reception
0	Warranty Replacements dont work  Drops calls often,LOTS OF STATIC
0	Printing picture quality not so great
1	cost effective, durable, reliable, wide wheel base, large seats, light weight.
0	It is not a good phone.
0	Low battery life, not as many features as higher-end analog, feels funny in hand at first
0	Can't answer the phone while it's in the belt clip...even with a headset.
0	Needs bigger card, eats batteries
1	Easy storage and easy to manuver. VERY durable!!
0	None of the software for printing or editing was compatible with XP.
0	control markings are confusing
0	No zoom, limited flash range
1	Attractive/sleek
0	screen, scene modes
0	The tones are weak and can't be heard easily, even if turned up.
0	Button traces on the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
1	Price
1	Lightweight and inexpensive
0	download time from camera to computer not usb
1	Speakerphone, neat design (like a classic Trek communicator)
1	Brilliant color screen, small profile, highly visible backlit keys.
0	Shot to shot time; initially awkward controls
1	great size, good hearing capabilities
1	Durability & small size
1	Easy to use
0	Initial outlay can be expensive compared to 35MM, Quality isn't as good as 35MM on enlagements, especially more than 8x10
0	Definitely requires the manual for some features; rechargeable batteries recommended.
0	NOT reliable!Buy the extended warranty!  The computer voice-really hard to understand.
0	Wretched voice volume
1	Overall a nice, easy to use printer
1	good screen, speakerphone, ringtone speaker is clear.  Has a good camers
0	pricey replacement cartridges
1	Small, light, easy to use, Lithium battery,nice MACRO possibillity
1	Awesome Performance, Excellent Pictures and Sharp Crisp Images, Great Tele-Photo
0	Choppy LCD display, lack of extended features.
1	Cheap, decent quality
0	POOR MANUFACTUER SUPPORT/WARRANTY, Poor battery life, Can't use bluetooth headset for MP3 playback
0	No camera case included, pricey
0	Antenna is flimsy.
1	USB, rechargeable battery, LCD screen, makes short videos, great software
1	Inexpensive Media, Optical View Finder, Switchable LCD, LCD Cover
0	Defective and the quality?
1	Lightweight, Good Quality, Easy to Maneuver
0	"Travel" charger not suitable for travel, sound quality/reception could be better
1	Nice printing if you have time to wait.
0	Very slight fuzziness during some calls.
1	Low price. Fast. Quiet. Good quality prints.
0	None.
1	convenience, quality, excellent zoom
0	Small memory stick, limited manual settings. No sound on movie mode.
0	Proprietary Memory Stick, battery life.
1	Solid, reliable, feature-rich, easy to use.
1	great zoom
0	Screen could be brighter, holster clip could be easier to use, battery life
1	Compact and well-featured
0	A little too big
0	battery life is important
0	I haven't found any yet
0	it can dial by itself, the battery life sucks
0	Not constant picture quality
1	Good Size, Very Functional, Great Features, Easy to Use, Great Battery
1	Low price for so much. Lots of room.
0	No cable included
0	No zoom, cant get it to download after about 6 months, pic screen defunct
1	clear colored printing; quiet printing
0	The batteries run away very fast.
0	Poor paper tray
0	Poor colors on low resolution, easy to dent (ouch!), arcane battery type
1	easy to use, cheap
1	Ease of use, quality, floppy disk storage
0	Size, T9 text
0	mic gets dirty easy, camera pics not so good.
0	Worst customer service anywhere.
1	Compact, stylish, lightweight, and reasonably sturdy
0	frequent misdials, not in servive bad text display,  few accesory compatibility
1	Immediate access to your pictures with the 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disk feature
1	Small size and lots of features
1	not bulky like double strollers, not constricting for older kids
1	Very simple to use, software is pretty self explanatory.
1	Excellent pocket camera and easy to hold
1	Uses 3.5 floppy
1	Very small, nice pictures, great stills
0	Rechargeable batteries are a must!
1	Great pictures, Very easy to use.  
1	Poor troubleshooting help.
0	a little bulky, could do with a little more zoom
0	Poorly made for a Nokia, flawed screen.
1	Great print quality, ease of use
0	Only 8Mb Memory Stick supplied
0	Not enough ring tones, does not display the time phone calls were received or made
0	Battery life is horrendous; no option for vibrate and ring together.
1	Excellent feature set, easy to use.
0	BIG machine&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A little noisy...&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No walk-up faxing
0	No key lock to prevent accidental calls, unintuitive web navigation
0	Expensive memory sticks. Case not included.
0	Larger size (than the 8390) but I can live with it.
1	Light weight, good reception, nice looking, easy to use.
1	Software bundle.
1	Cool games, lots of features!
1	Computer does not have to be on to make copies, exceptional color copy quality 
1	easy to operate
1	Great Pics!, up 128MB storage, excellent optical zoom, MANY extra features.  Easy USB connection
1	inexpensive, excellent print quality
0	Bulky design to camera, uses up batteries quickly, no USB or AC adapter
0	Slower than 2200 series printers
0	Could be louder, high radiation level, battery life isn't impressive
0	A bit on the expensive side, but worth it.
0	No on/off button. No set up instructions or printed manual.
0	to try to do it by the control panel
1	individual tanks
0	Awkward battery compartment, bad placement of power button
0	Battery dies after a day and hard to take out.  
1	No More Film Processing
1	Great color screens and feature packed
0	None
0	Only 100 Slots for Name/Nbr
0	little warning when ink runs out
0	not so good in dark places
0	- none
0	Quite heavy, slow startup time.
0	2x Optical Zoom, Weak Flash, So-So Battery Life
1	Folds up so small!  Rain and sun umbrella!! Stands upright.
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
1	Compact when folded, reclines for younger infants
1	Great technical specifications.
1	beautiful pictures, compact size, 3x zoom, AA batteries!
1	Flip, reasonably small
1	Size, ease of use, fully-functioned for size
0	You're going to need more SmartMedia than the supplied 8mb.
1	Very small and light weight.
0	hard to find retail
0	slips out of hands occasionally, lacks all the latest features of nowaday phones
1	Easy to use, Idiot Proof, and a great deal!
1	Size, styling, quality of pics, different auto settings
1	Size, quality of construction, appearance, durability
1	"All in one", Takes up little space, Brand name, Quick
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
1	great pics , great speed
0	Stiff learning curve.
1	closeable lens cover-fits nicely in hand-seems to be rugged
1	Direct Connect
0	Slow
0	Relatively high initial cost, Envelope printing, Minor driver incompatibility 
1	reputation of company, reflective material, weight, ease of use, handles 
1	ease of use, price of the camera, and use of floppy  disk
0	Rings could be louder, no feedback from microphone to earpiece.
0	No, I mean it, really cheap inferior camera 
1	Small, many functions
1	Great picture quality, great price
0	5 mnths old and manufacter will not honor 1 yr warrenty.
1	It makes calls.
0	a bit slow
1	Quality of prints, ease of use
1	Image quality, dual memory cards, pro features
0	Bulky, heavy, takes up alot of trunk space.
1	good quality
0	Can't get new ringtones/graphics without mMode, display not as vibrant as other phones
0	Too many problems to recommend using
0	won't accommodate legal paper
1	Great pictures. Easy to use. Battery options.
1	small, lightweight, inexpensive, takes excellent macro shots
1	Great resolution, fairly easy to use, high picture capacity
0	Not enough room on jumpseat, not a good seatbelt, very heavy
1	Easy to use.
1	small, modern looking, long talk time
0	Red-eye issues; more zoom would be nice.
1	Great Megapixel/price ratio, Easy to use, lots of features, durable, Great all around
1	USB download, many great features, easy to operate, fun
1	Price is definitely right!
0	Size of printer itself
1	small, great pictures, manual controls
1	Small, light, easy to use, simple
0	It takes a little while to set up.  
1	durable, easy to use
1	Incredible macro, very sharp and color correct lens giving sharp brilliant pictures.
1	compact, very sharp, accurate color
1	Good storage medium like all Mavicas, good compatibility.
0	Awful battery life, expensive accessories
0	Not network compatible, no Unix drivers
1	Quailty Photos
1	Decent print quality, good copy/scan quality
0	It's not an HP
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
1	easy to use; great pictures/LCD/features; easy to download; great value - quality ratio;
1	Sleek design
0	Phone's key pad can get hot
1	Great Pictures! Great battery life.
0	No keypad cover
0	ink cartridges are a bit pricy
0	Reception, build quality
0	None yet
0	Scanning Colors, Installation Software, printer drivers.
1	Very Lightweight construction, pop-up flash is handy,complete kit
1	Easy to get scans to email. Better print quality and faster than X83 or A3000.
0	Many glitches, poor quality, limited options
1	rugged shell, great picture quality to size ratio, a camera to carry everywhere.
1	The Whole phone, features, style, build quality
1	Very small, long-lasting battery, pretty good reception
0	I haven't found any.
1	Small, great sound quality, long battery life
1	Incredible detail and color saturation
0	Lousy bundled software.
0	reception, sound quality
1	Great size and reception.
1	Great printer, good functions, easy to use, very fast
0	Expensive HP paper and ink, limited to 8 1/2" wide paper, and problematic USB setup.
0	Small lens, limited manual settings
0	Ink cartridges are not at special prices as often as other brands.
0	Cannot use flash when recording videos.
1	Beautiful phone.  Beautiful screen.
0	Underneath Storage Basket Is Small
0	trouble with the ink cartridge
0	Positioning of window and basket a bit awkward
1	Small, excellent photo quality, intuitive controls
0	The ring is not loud enough.
1	Fast Print Speed, Good Black and white Color, cheap ink tanks.
1	Good print quality, consistent output, FAST, FAST, FAST.
0	need more simplified operating buttons
0	For certains too bulky...more stable for me.
0	Gets hot during heavy use, poor ringer setup design.
0	Dust goes into the eyepiece and dark assist light.
1	Great lens, 3.3mp resolution, 3x optical zoom, manual functions.
0	Shutter delay sometimes frustrating, general photo control only
0	low battery life
0	Sloppy switching between transmission towers causes many dropped calls, mostly when leaving a major metro.
1	Picture, Features, Battery Life, Ease of Use, Construction
0	numbers cant be dialed with even small fingers  verizon is a scam Insurance  scam
0	No USB cable, won't network.
0	small storage area, no handle height adjustment
0	Bad reception without the headset
1	compact, stylish, many features like wireless web, games, sms and more.
1	reception,voice dialing,easy to use without book
1	VERY fast, good sized, easy setup, USB or parralel port friendly
0	Joint for flip creaks on mine, not a lot of features.
1	Great printing speeds both B&amp;W/Color. Crisp photo quality
1	Looks nice.
1	Great when it works
0	No Cables are included
1	Great signal, great features, ringtones, computer hookup
0	lid feels a little loose when fully opened, not a big deal.
1	Versatile
1	as small as the regular elph.
1	Capable of taking truly great photos
1	Excellent photos, compact size, easy to use, optical zoom, available accessories
1	Superior features, Bluetooth, camera, call quality, design and small size with big screen.
0	Like all inkjet printers, there will be ink cost.  Time will tell if it's excessive.
0	Menu System, Battery Life, No Add on Face Plates. Phone Dents easily
1	Works Well, very quiet, Much improved resolution, pagis pro software good!! 
0	Too big, heavy and hard to manuver
1	Small, Easy to Use, Great Pictures
0	Must use car seat base 
0	none to date
0	Camera seems cheaply made
0	everything else
1	Great print quality
0	blurry,grainy,very poor quality
1	mail, paging, voice mail, phone, walkie-talkie in one
1	smallest digital camera currently available, good pic quality
0	Fold up tray durability questionable
1	large, clear LCD
1	pics;video;testing;extra service numbers
1	Lightweight
1	size, changeable covers, features, battery life, custom rings, infrared
0	Didn't come with any connection cables...
0	MANUAL, BATTERY LIFE, AND HOLSTER TENDS TO BE DIFFICULT TO TAKE PHONE OUT.
1	Good sensitivity.  Good sound quality.  Good battery life
0	Bad on-off switch
1	UNBREAKABLE!!!; Plenty of function; Good reception; Compact Size;
0	Use Epson paper for best results
1	good picture quality, easy to use, works well with iPhoto on macs, uses SD media
0	Text perhaps not as sharp.  Appears cheaper than my 660 CSE.
0	No User Guide Book included (PDF only). Phone menu options: inconsistent.  Ease-of-use: terrible.
1	Cheap buying cost, easy to use, great support
0	Expensive Cartridges
0	zoom function severly decreases pic quality
1	makes a good paperweight, looks impressive
0	Pricey, comes only with 8MB flash, no case or AC adapter
1	If you use the walky talky feature...its free
0	does not work... get what ya paid for
0	Dropped calls are soooo annoying!, bad earpiece, the ring is very quiet
0	power hungry, small LCD 
1	Very tiny, amazing call quality
0	Nothing, except people annoying you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
1	Huge Storage Basket, Attached Toys
0	Should come with a power cord
1	Great Color &amp;amp; Printing
1	Small, Easy To Use, Great LCD
0	Lack of accessories with the original package
0	Picture quality depends on the photographer.
0	Pixels are obvious
1	Cheap, good quality prints (for the price), fast
0	Loading paper a hassle
0	wireless web access pricey, battery easily detachable, small means it's easy to misplace or lose
0	Price, weight
1	Compact Size, Stand Alone Ability
1	Sharp picture quality, excellent flash and ease of use.
0	price, battery life(as is with all cameras,try to use the screen as little as possible.)
0	Low ringtones.  Camera options lacking. Browser a little difficult to use.
0	Comes with a too small memory stick.
0	n/a
0	Not the best in any of the above
0	no cable supplied
1	Fairly good color printing, multi-function useful
1	Great pictures!  Nice battery
1	Cute, fits easily into pants pockets, makes you look and feel cool. That's about it.
0	For USB port, needs additional connector not included
0	Expensive ink refills, hard to find ink refills, I bought before the recent price drop
0	power features are hard to learn
0	some static and dropped calls, small distance between microphone and receiver.
0	Slow
0	bad images quality
1	nice ergonomics, convenient
1	I am amazed with everything this phone can do, and do well it does.
0	battery life, expensive
1	Dirt Cheap after Rebate.
1	Weight, Volume, Bluetooth, Sync with Outlook, External Antenna Port
1	Value for money.
0	None
1	Great Price, Easy to Use
0	Quiet earpiece, too small, tiny screen, annoying menus.
1	lightweight, compact, easy to fold/open, looks good.
0	Hard to format disc, Battery life too short.
1	Costs very little; mine was $60 when new 2 years ago!
0	None to speak of
0	Not worth the price for such a short-lived phone.
1	Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease of use
1	Good scan speed, and scan quality.  Easy to use, affordable, small footprint.
0	None
1	A great value for the begginer
0	The Flip loosens with time
0	Color Print Quality, Tiny Ink Cartridges
1	style, quality, easy set up
0	Earpiece heats up
0	a bit cumbersome
1	Convenient storage medium (floppy disk)
0	no colour screen.. but hey, this phone is going on 2 years old people.
0	It gets bad reception if living an area where there are alot of mountains
0	battery Life
0	no clock
0	Wish it was a little smaller
0	Somewhat slow to turn on, a few interface issues, battery life per charge isn't great.
0	Unreliable extras, battery life, side buttons.
0	See review
1	GOOD ECONOMICAL PRINTER FOR SMALL OFFICE OR HOME
0	Shape, price
1	Cheap, clean printing-very quiet
0	Everything from its hard instillation, too is unacceptable performance
0	Battery guzzler, Does not save settings, slow download
0	Ink tanks don't last long
1	Very user-friendly; excellent print quality.
0	Documents tend to fall after printing.
0	Battery Life
1	great features,different rings,easy to use,lots of room to store names
0	Occasionally feeds too much paper; Would be nice if it was a bit smaller
0	Slow processing time, not well-adapted to Macs
1	Pretty, Cool, Easy to Hold, Clear Calls, Verizon, Feature Rich, Large Button, Calendar, Much More
1	Size, looks, image quality
1	Simplicity itself for use
0	ink monitoring software not as accurate as it could be
0	bad paper feeding
1	high picture quality. nice color. manual control
1	Ease of use, vibrant color
1	FAST, great text and color, quiet
0	No camera, not flip, small buttons (which could also be a pro)
1	Cheap, good prints, easy to use, can take a beating
0	vibrating ringer is somewhat "weak"
0	A Combi, Can break if not careful, 3 point harness
1	Small & lightweight, very easy to use. Interchangeable faceplates and a vibrating ringer. Cheap too!
0	Price
0	Paper Jams, Low Ink Capacity, Bad Alignment, Frustrating
1	Size.
0	NO ZOOM?
1	weighs 3.5 ounces, lightweight, easy to use keys, equipped with AOL instant messaging
0	alittle bit bulky,
0	None so far
1	The phone is wonderful, everything in one little package!!!
0	An ink hog
0	No optical zoom, lens quality could be better
1	great sound, easy to use, nice camera function for a phone
0	Clarity of calls not always very good; antenna doesn't alleviate static
1	Quality of pictures,battery,price
0	Fragile antenna, Monophonic Ringtones, Discomfort after extended use
1	Just a great camera to use with all the versatility that you could want.
0	Complicated hidden menu options, poor focus lock shutter sensitivity
0	WORKS BEST OUTSIDE
0	No link with PC or supported way to get pics on phone
1	Looks, color
0	heavy, cup holder doesn't stay on well
0	Constant faded LCD's
1	Battery life, listen only speakerphone, data connectivity, light weight
0	none
1	Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
1	Easy, great price, great features
0	I Waited Far To Long To Buy One! Period.
1	high quality print. separate ink cartridges.
0	battery life could be a little longer.
1	Nice!
1	Long battery life Reception OK
1	the look of it, the weight
1	Cheap, Polyphonic Ringtones and Java on an entry level phone
0	weak flash, video-conferencing feature is kinda crummy too
0	Short battery life, long time to charge, battery gets hot.
1	Inexpensive
1	5 point harness, adjustable handles, compact, light, versatile, durable.
0	not digital
0	1 megapixal
1	Cheap. Light. Small. Macro. Big memory. Good battery life.
0	some deadspots in suburbs, no way to turn off 'answer on flip open'
0	nothing
1	Excellent camera for a great price!!!
1	Good phone book, and customization.
1	Great quality text and Graphics
0	$60.00 for a lot of time and work into getting a halfway suitable picture. 
1	Great phone!
0	Can't match the power of today's DeskJet printers
1	Voice activated dialing, small and lightweight, good battery life.
1	Fast Printing, Great Printer, Good Quality, Work in Windows XP,Toner lasts a long time.
1	size and cost
1	Excellent picture quality, ease of use, super software support
0	Battery life when using video camera
0	The editing software is quite basic and limited.
0	Heavy, better technology is now available
0	The included strap is good only for the wrist.
1	Nice interface, Blue Back-Lighting, Nice price.
1	Very portable, very long battery life, easy to use.
1	Full Featured - Easy to Use!
0	Cheap
1	Extensive Control 
0	None
0	battery-perhaps a Lithium cell instead
1	Small Size, Does Stills and Movies w/ sound, lots of menu options&amp;#9;
1	Tiny, Cute, Easy to use, great battery life
1	Four Megapixel, fast lens, tilt and swivel display, RAW output
0	Car seat a little bulky
1	quality of pictures, durability
0	n/a
1	Great photo printing quality. Excellent price.
1	wide variety of face plates, easy to use, not very big, tons of features
1	Changeable covers, internet, downloadable ringtones, memory space
1	value, quality, easy installation
1	lightweight and compact, sturdy construction and comfortable
1	Great print quality, speed, and reliability
0	Image quality, camera size.
0	Some software glitches and screen problems.
0	Price
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
0	no zoom, uses batteries quickly
1	size, weight, reception, functions, tetris & solitaire
1	Inexpensive, best quality for price, very compact, cool looks
1	seems to work fine, saves you $$
1	size, ability for older child to stand
1	Speakerphone, sound quality, nice size/form factor
1	good color
1	All-in-one Communicator, GPRS support, and convenient keyboard
0	Wobble wheels, no adequate sunshade
0	Hard to see LCD screen, no viewfinder, no flash, can't use it indoors
1	Ease of use, reception, phone book, camera, screen, price!
1	Loud Speakerphone, MP3 Ringtones, Good Battery Life
1	Battery life, good pictures
0	Somewhat Expensive, but you get what you pay for!
1	Free with purchase of cellular service contract. Slim and compact and attractive.
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	no way
0	Low quality, cost of ink, single cartridge system.
1	Simple, Nice Looking, Quality Scanning and Printing
0	Cheap
0	Scanner could only handle simple sheet.Printhead poor quality and terrible price.
0	Pulling to many pages at one time.  Not the best quality print.
1	Lightweight, easy to open and close
1	Great voice quality, color screen, excellent reception, full of features.
1	Cool phone with laptop connectivity kit
1	price effective,very inexpensive
0	can be a little expensive
1	Price, light weight
1	Lightweight, cool blue back light, slim, infrared, big screen
0	A little pricey!
1	Great print for photos and color text; aesthetic design
1	Easy to use, nice size camera.
0	None that I've noticed, but being so thin it must be fragile
1	everything
1	Looks pretty cool, nice ring tones
0	Water based inks?
0	you can't zoom, poor quality pics, friend's with better cameras laugh at you
1	Versatile, good improvements to quicktime movies
0	A good value for the price. No cons.
0	limited resolution; flash
0	Battery life (keep a spare battery on hand).
1	almost everything you can think of.. if not, programs are downloadable
1	Great images, battery, fold in/twist out LCD, ISO 50, RAW Image Files
1	:  fast, vibrant colors, reliable, 
0	possibly too small....?
0	Not as high a quality as I had expected; the paper feeder is somewhat poorly designed; the paper-catcher is too short; and it seems to be slowly breaking its software. (Mostly minor gripes)
0	Sporadic malfunctions, compared w/ Nokias--not user friendly.
0	Poor quality; no backlight
0	You have to spring for fancy paper for best results
1	Rechargeable NIMH battery, recharger &amp; all cables, small &amp; compact.
1	Low cost and fast compared to many other inkjets
0	Camera Quality, Plastic Housing On Battery
1	Small, Active Flip, TETRIS!
1	ease of use
0	Video cable not included, slow serial connection to PC, no timer, min resolution too low
1	Cute - neat speaker phone.
1	Small and Compact, Lots of Features, 3.3MPixels
1	Does not resemble a 35mm camera
0	iternal antenae is not very good
0	battery seems to run low quickly
0	Build quality poor.  No optical zoom.  Microphone on top of camera where your finger rests.
1	Charge time is fast, speaker phone
1	Personalizeable, pretty, cheap
1	Great quality not too expensive
0	Best to use epson paper for photos
0	Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy network install, critical alignment tough
1	Good menus, price, solid reception
1	Small, Easy to Use, Cheap, Fun to Use, Bundled Software, Three Functions
0	Battery; No WAP; no PC synch
1	Fantastic price!  4.1 Megapixel.  Size. Features. Ease of use.
1	Great picture quality, compact, easy to use software included!
0	Another different memory card
0	Big size compared to compact pocket cameras, expensive but still a value in its class.
0	One fat baby, Shutter lag is long
0	Heavy, no storage basket
1	Good resolution, small, portable
1	Inexpensive at the time
1	High Quality Pics, Small, Automatic and Manual settings
0	For this price it's more than you can ask for.  No complaints.
1	tiny!, usable in Europe & parts of East Asia, light, clarity
0	You can really tell when the cartredge is going
1	Small, nice camera, video (T-mobile) has real LCD screen. Lots of storage, clear speaker phone.
0	No cover for the LCD screen, ZOOM
0	Price, no downloadable ring tones, battery life
1	Good quality phone at a very reasonable price
0	bulky
1	good pic quality, easy to use, user-friendly computer software
0	Heavy, battery life.
0	none
1	Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	Small in size
1	Clear and crisp photos
0	high cost, especially if you buy a photo quality printer and extra software, etc to go with it...
0	Eats batteries &amp;amp; lacks USB port
0	only holds one cartridge, replacement cartridges can get expensive, if you print a lot.
0	nothing
0	Nothing I can't live without.
1	Great convenience and capability in a small, usable package.
0	Low battery life.  Gotta look at the instruction manual.
1	Easy to use, great quality and great price
1	Small, lightweight, easy to slip into a shirt pocket
1	durable, robust, feature rich, gold standard.
0	Costly
0	battery direction markings, manual lens cap, manual flash pop-up
1	Cheap, Nice Quality
0	short battery life, slow to load pictures, only optical zoom 
1	Good and durable
0	floppy disk, expensive 
1	Sound quality, compact size
1	Handling, ease of use, excellent quality
0	Slow Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
1	Excellent photo quality, panoramic ability, decent on battery life.
1	Good price, good quality photos.
1	Cheap, small, good placement of buttons
0	Poorly written software
0	None significant
0	dim back-light
1	Color, Super Cool, small, decent battery life
1	Small, easy to use, reasonable price
0	last years model, more memory cards needed 
1	full control in manual mode, LCD viewfinder, lightweight.
1	small, cool, solid, easy to use
0	price of the ink cartridges
1	Easy disk access
1	lightweight, inexpensive
0	Cant think of any.
1	light, portable, stores images to floppy
1	Good Quality prints and easy setup.
1	nice color screen,great ring tones,easy use pc sync mode,very light and durable
0	Mpeg without sound, skimpy 4MB Memory Stick.
1	stylish
1	Lightweight, Bright, Clear Screen and Has an amazing amount of features.
1	Great for the price a good deal.
0	can't hear the phone ring if it's in a purse or pocket!!!  small font, doesn't display number when called (I like to confirm I called the cell or home number), menu takes too long to navigate, if you store pix with someone's number, the display when they call is so small that you can't see it
1	3.34 megapixel,Macro ability, Best Image quality
0	barrel distortion, a little slow shutter lag, fixed lcd viewfinder
0	can't download ringtones or new games.
1	Light weight, long battery life, voice activated dialing.
0	Eats the Ink!
1	Fast, crisp output, accurate colors, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder
1	Fast, sharp output for the money. seldom jams
1	USB Port and Rechargeable Batteries Come w/ This Camera
0	No downloadable ringtones
1	Compact,nice color display, durable.
1	Accurate color, Crisp definition
0	Short Life Battery, Slightly Heavy, 
0	Chews through the ink.  Needs the PC to use copy function.
1	Very good overall
1	Great print quality, ease of setup, ease of use.
0	POOR battery life... Coverage could be better.
1	Cheap and Small
0	Small, No Drivers Included with Phone for Laptops/PDAS
0	$20 cable not included, it's kind of slow.
0	battery life, voice quality, and lots of bugs that need to be worked out
0	only analog, flimsy antenna
0	Extra Batteries on hand?  Good!
1	Ease of use &amp;amp; price was right!
1	Excellent quality, value, &amp; price. NOT loud.
0	Sometimes you'll miss having a viewfinder.
0	SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited memory.
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, nice color prints
0	Please don't drop it!  It breaks easily.
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	comfortable and light weight
0	expensive
0	Big printer, small ink tanks
1	Light, stylish and versatile digital still. User friendly, with great Canon optics.
1	Smaller, sleeker, multiple numbers: one name, "nubbin" ok button,
0	None I can think of.
1	Great color, 1200x1200dpi, LESS THAN $179!!! Voice Prompts!
0	noisy, 1 yr. limited warranty
0	none
0	short battery life, dropped calls frequently
1	quality
1	Good Value, separate ink cartridges, Windows XP Drivers, Fast
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
1	Small, attractive, good quality on calls, speaker phone is OK. Internal software pretty good.
0	No calling card option, included holster makes it succeptible to losing bat. cover
1	Small, light and easy progamming
0	camera color fades
1	easy to install its software, good pictures based on my standard
0	Can't find clip for it yet.
1	Easy to use and small
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
0	no basket, PRICE!!
1	Excellent all around product
0	Slightly confusing menus...
1	Quality and initial price. Easy to print banners.
1	zoom lens, b/w and color filters,auto and manual focus, feature rich
0	eats up printer ink quickly&amp;#13;&amp;#10;very slow moving&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Top notch quality, Excellent reception, Camera, Aluminum frame, Well thoughtout design
0	somewhat complicated in manual mode, short flash range, relatively short battery life
0	fuzzy focus, poor battery life
1	Great reception. stylish, clarity of screen and pictures.
0	battery drains fast, bad focus in low-light conditions
1	Good sound, good price, versatile accessories.
0	clunky, pricey
0	Unattached lens cap
1	Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
0	none
0	Terrible sound quality.
0	A little hard to get up curbs.
1	Size, clamshape design, very small, speakerphone
1	Color screen!!  Stylish, lightweight, compact, filled with neat features
1	cheap, simple, good software package
1	Massive Storage and ability to view on PC without card readers or docking units
0	I work for HP (just joking)
1	Everything
0	That's all it's got going for it.
1	world phone, fits in my pocket, ok reception, sleek aluminum casing, free
0	Zoom is a little noisy.
0	Expensive, faulty consumables.  Poor colour quality, sketchy text.
1	Small & light, reception & sound clarity, battery life, external display, fast Internet
1	Very simple controls and a wide range of features
0	Squeaky wheel, which was replaced.
1	Great colors,detail,ease of use &amp;amp; price
0	If you don't have re-chargable batteries, get some.  Really goes through batteries.
1	Price, easy paper loading
1	Camera, camera, camera.  Variety of features, sensible menus, solid feel, did I mention the camera?
0	If you are afraid of hi-tech things, it seems intimidating at first.
0	A bit heavy. Somewhat slow interface.
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Quite a few--details in review.
1	design
1	Better looking than a Nokia
1	Fun, relatively easy to use, makes short video clips, good pictures
1	Size, battery life
1	Great execution and usability.  Stylish.
0	size
1	Size, List of features and looks
1	ease of use, versatility
1	great quality prints
1	Aesthetics, Gadgets
0	No case or lenscap teather.
0	6 months and I haven't found one.
0	Analog
0	Have troubles capturing moving objects. Does not include case and AC adapter.
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use, and affordable.  
1	Very compact, light and robust, nice design, web camera function
1	great price for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
0	none
1	easy to use, not too expensive
1	Good initial battery, plenty of basic features, lots of ring tones, good call quality
1	Portable, full manual controls, low light shots
0	slightly shakes when printing
1	Macro Setting, Great Price, Olympus Technology, Super High Quality (SHQ), Easy to Use Software
1	Good pictures
1	price
0	runs out of ink fast, takes a long time to warm up
0	Linux support, MAC support
0	nothing
0	Poor battery life (nickel metal), fragile antenna, AND A BAD SCREEN.
1	Nice quality for the price; lots of features 
1	$19.99 phone and no monthly fees.
0	Should ship with bigger mem card
0	size, weight
0	Some lighting issues (but could be user error!)
1	You have a choice of how the time is displayed on front of the phone.
1	Incredible photo quality, accepts wide variety of papers color gamut excellent
1	When the printer prints - it's great.
1	Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#13;&#10;Great for using in a vehicle
0	None
1	Inexpensive, looks good, simple to use
0	Ugly old-school LCD display
0	No joy stick (unlike the Sony Ericsson T60)
0	Pretty loud
0	Tears and destroys standard bond paper. Better support from a training bra. 90 day warranty.
0	Antennae breaks easily
0	Screen is not bright enough...to me anyway...no access to internet...do you really need that though?
0	Easy to drop
0	printer software better on the Cannon
0	Not Worth It
0	None
0	If the phone had the speaker phone ability it would rule.
1	Good for limited desk space. Fair print speed and good print quality
0	No focus aid light, limited manual capabilities, and poorly designed macro mode  
0	Small fonts lose some quality
1	Wonderful Camera
0	Refer to this epinion.
0	soo new that apps. and accessories are rare.
1	Simple &amp;amp; easy to use!
0	No speaker phone, phone book can't be on SIM card, fingerprints show, no send/end buttons
0	Some problems getting used to manual mode features.
1	Recycling older, previously used phones?
1	Tiny, reliable, intuitive.
1	fast printing, excellent quality, very inexpensive
1	Excellent clarity, sharp photos, video w/sound, easy to use, durable
1	The first ever COLORED Cell Phone!!!
0	You get what you pay for...and you get alot
1	Excellant Detail, Easy to use and hook up
1	Nice pictures, low price
1	pretty clear printing... when it does
0	Belt Clip accessory isn't comfortable
0	None Observed
1	Full Manual or Point&amp;Shoot, My mode, Stunning photographs, High quality, Great lens, Underwater Capability, 
0	Customer support
0	is kind of big
0	It glitches on occasion, but doesn't everything.  This does it less, though.
1	Clear Printing
1	Best Photo Printing yet.  Very quiet.  Duplex printing
1	Incredible array of controls, great battery life, sharp photos &amp; great colors
0	Large dimensions, design
0	Only works with SprintPCS, A bit pricey but worth it
0	does not display the current time,  no games, no vibration ringer option
0	Loud, Not a Photo Quality Printer, No Printer Cable.
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	Customer Service Lacks.
1	Easy to use
1	Very light
1	Unbeatable for the cost. Has parallel and USB connections.
1	easy download of pictures, quality of pictures
0	Old base charger doesn't accept the phone (batteries still charge)
1	big phonebook, light-weight, good amount of features
1	Good Camera, Good Price
0	poor printed documentation
0	Print quality doesn't last that long.
1	clear, small, and light weight
1	Lots of options, great design
1	6-in-1 Card Reader, Proof Sheet Feature, Print Photos or Use Copier Without Having Computer On
0	Small size, mediocre speakerphone, no Bluetooth, videoclips, camera-flash, MP3 player, etc.
0	Amber screen, clunky directory system, screen easily scratched, no bluetooth, no color.
0	the lcd screen eats batteries like crazy.  You need to purchase an ac/dc adapter.  You can only get it from Hewlett Packard.
0	Unreliable, poor Quality Control, no zoom
1	Very easy to use, great quality photos
1	Nice big screen.  Long battery life.  Lots of features.  Great organizer.  Built well
0	heavy
0	None
0	A bit noisy, Nikon should have built it around a 4 megapixel CCD.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Battery life, headset compatibility, display
1	Great size, docking station, decent zoom, simple options, good software
1	good quality, inexpensive , lcd screen
0	short alkaline battery life, slow connection using serial port, not photo quality
1	Free phone,great sound quality,easy to use with more features than older model.
0	Pricy
0	CD only - no removable media, hard to see LCD outdoors, redeye
1	Low price, toner saver, compact sizem reprint button
0	It broke the first time I tried it
0	reliability, bulky
1	I got it for cheap, good battery life and good reception.
1	Being able to store so many photos on one cd.
1	Great Quality, Cheap, Easy Installation, Speedy, Top Loading, Good Interface
0	Too BULKY,wheels squeaked and stuck alot.Not very easy to open and close!
0	Quite large, no clock function, radio only available through hands free kit
1	cheaper, comfortable
0	Built-in flash has limited capabilities. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;1.8 inch LCD display makes viewing images somewhat difficult.
1	a good door stop
0	Needs a vibrating battery for vibrating mode; external antenna
1	Smooth slide, 2 Mega Pixel Cam with landscape mode , Bluetooth   and IR
0	has some problems with excel spreadsheets
0	proprietary battery
0	Only 2 megapixels, miniscule zoom, some controls too small to be easily used
0	Long pauses between pics, no panoramic mode.
1	price
0	took forever for HP to figure out the problem
1	lightweight
0	Speed
0	Slippery, (easy to drop), menus are slow.  Feels somewhat flimsy.
0	N/A
1	Size/weight, several display options
0	ink runs out too quickly, loud, unstable, printing is terrible
0	&lt;b&gt;EATS INK LIKE IT'S GOING OUT OF STYLE&lt;/b&gt;
1	Photo imaging quality, lens, features, battery life, ease
1	Good reception, battery life, screen, camera, features
0	Price (but it's a bargain compared to others in its class)
1	Long battery life, fun features like changeable faceplates and multiple ring choices,  easy to use.
1	Excellent Resolution, Long Rechargable Lithium Battery life, Good Layout 
1	cool pictures
0	Scarce, hard to get.
0	The folded lens compromises image quality, a little shy on features--see review
1	Price......
0	Few and far between
0	EXTREMELY HIGH RADIATION
1	Small, light, very well made, great styling
0	Balance problem and it's hard to put away
1	Bluetooth, built-in infrared, built-in camera, compact, internet, long-lasting battery
1	Small size, flip phone, Good range of features.
0	Drains Batteries/Low Flash
0	3 text lines on display, bad battery life, none infrared port
1	Great pictures, intuitive interface, easy downloads.
0	Terrible phone and international data service
0	Didn't last me two years.
0	Wasted Ink, Jammed Paper
0	Wish it had a one hand release fold, does not fold to compact size
1	great for basic text use, inexpensive, durable
1	The 5MG camera is high quality
0	heavy battery consumption
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
1	costs and print quality
1	Sleek Design, Acceptable Ring Tones
0	Definitely not for taking actions shots.
0	Really bad scanner and awkward software
0	Could have higher resolution.  Batteries expensive.  Could use better zoom lens.
0	Technical Bugs, Expensive to Maintain
1	Sleek, great form factor, has a keyboard
0	none
1	Good picture quality, great for technical shots
0	weight of stroller, small basket
1	Text print speed, nice color prints for &amp;lt;$200
1	Good print quality
1	Small phone, good battery life.
1	Small, cool features, attractive
0	separate viewfinder from the lens.
0	"Memory Stick" - However, SanDisk and Hewlett-Packard show some respect for this technology! (See Note)
1	Easy to use, great quality
1	Fast, high quality, good toner life, great tech support, Windows/Mac compatible
0	no usb cable! doh!
0	Little memory, excessive battery usage
1	Good print quality, ease of use
0	None
1	Small, Durable, Classy
1	Clear sound, light weight, easy search directory, durable, great speaker phone feature and sturdy buttons.
1	Good zoom. Good software. Instant viewing. Flash types. Protective cover. Self Timer. Connects to TV.
1	Reliable, solid
0	pricey cartridges
1	Has many good features
1	TINY.  Good Image Quality.  Good Presets. VERY easy to use.
1	Picture quality
1	Ease of use, price.
1	Overall, it does everything, some things better then others
0	could use more memory
0	Better for small jobs because it doesn't hold much paper (about 75 sheets, I estimate)
0	A little bulky for a phone; no memory slots
0	Small keypad, no external caller ID, keypad is not backlit.
1	it just as good any others out there
1	Great printing, well built, easy to use/maintain
1	Excellent print, exceptional color printing, quiet when printing,&amp; fast
0	Carrying case not included
1	nice jog dial
1	Small, attractive, has good games
1	Small size, lightweight, easy to read screen
0	there is not a silent mode, just vibrate, ring, and vibe &ring
1	I wanted a basic clamshell design and liked the feel and ease of use.
1	Lightweight, durable, comfortable, unfolds quickly
1	Easy to install; fast printing;  attractive style
1	Size, quality, sound
1	Compact, external LCD
1	Great reception, and pretty durable
0	phone timer rounds up to the next minute
1	Petite, Attractive Design, Lightweight, Easy to travel with/use, Nice photo quality
1	Great deal for the price, pretty good photos
1	Small, Great (OUTSIDE) Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
1	cute looking
0	Gets some stray work groups from time to time.
0	Wears out quickly, and difficult to clean
1	Swiss army knife of phones, durable and reliable, price
0	delay printing first page
0	Restricted storage on a floppy disk, so you have to carry a number with you.
1	Functionality Quality Reputation and Price
0	None yet
0	Not small enough, instructions are a bit complicated
1	Very compact size with cool graphical interface.
0	a bit bulky, but worth it for the features
0	A little heavy; no cup holders
0	Moderate battery life, lack of color choices, lack of ringers/screen savers
1	Great Phone
0	Proprietary battery type. Embedded features take some learning. 
0	Stamina battery and 64MB memory stick a must!! Starts to get expensive.
0	Non-intuitive interface, No WAP support, Thick
1	Laser quality @ non-laser price!
1	quality photos, very easy to use software
1	Neat compact easy to use
0	Side buttons, speakerphone, voice calling.
1	3.2 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, compact size, lots of creative control.
1	It's small and it's cheap
1	quality photo's and easy to take pictures.
1	Ease of use
0	Sprint PCS charging to download almost anything for a limited time
1	Easy to use, See your photos immediately
1	picture &amp; build quality. speed. video quality
0	none
1	Solid, Nice looking output, USB
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
0	fragile, stock memory card is not sufficient, short battery life
1	Full QWERTY keyboard w/minimum size. Tons of customization options.
1	compact, durable, easy to use.
0	Expensive ink, slowish printing, complicated setup.
1	Stores many pictures, no need to change film after 24 exposures!
0	None
0	~ bulky size
0	no sync cable/few accesories for phone
1	Good print quality.
1	easy navigation  color display external display ,size
1	BEAUTIFUL LENS! Photo quality images! Easy to use and good programs included! Videos come out great!
0	Not Support on Windows 2000
0	Just wish it has WAP...
0	Needs a pointable sun umbrella
0	Make sure you fully understand Sony's limited warranty.
1	Reasonable priced, easy to use, kid friendly
0	Can't customize cover; bottom buttons difficult to reach; earpiece did't fit my ear
0	None noticed by this novice
1	Light weight, affordable, quality built
1	Quality is awesome, speed is excellent, LCD screen is great....
1	Great click and shoot, focus free camera.  Great first time camera
1	Walkie Talkie function is very handy
0	some odd dithering on high resolution
1	Pretty darn good photo output with good color range on multiple media types
0	Noisy, slow and clunky.  No USB.
1	fun to see how pictures look before  you print
1	Sleek, tiny, and can change to your taste
1	Tri-mode wide coverage, voice memos &dialing, low price, sharp resolution &design, light weight
0	Software could be more user friendly.
0	no clock, no ringtones, poor navigation, no games, etc...
1	customizable, Portable, durable
1	Low price, great output quality on coated paper, USB connectivity.
0	Using the phone while plugged into the wall won't stop battery drain and eventual shutdown.
1	great product. does work w/XP.  
1	Easy to use, great software.
0	None that I can find.
1	Hi resolution, quick, feature packed, video, value, different storage mediums useable, ease of use
0	High Power Consumption
0	Wish the boot was a bit more versatile like the Milano 
1	Small size, GREAT battery life, built-in vibrate function, dual illumination, intuitive memory approach.
0	Lens retract feature, Alkaline battery life
1	Excellent photo quality.  Satisfactory battery life.  MPEG compatibility
1	Good image quality, easy to use, instantly accessible photos.
1	Easy-to-use; Great pic quality; &amp;quot;SuperCool&amp;quot; technology for instant gratification
0	The menus are a little bit annoying
1	Compact.  Good pictures.  
0	Antenna seems fragile when extended, musical tones aren't "super loud"
1	Non-proprietary batteries (AA) and storage (CF), small, lcd viewscreen, 3 resolutions
0	smallish LCD screen, small SmartMedia card included, low battery life
1	Very sleek and small.  LOADS of features!
1	Lightweight, small, great webcam
0	bigger than the 8290, and did I mention ugly looking?
1	good enough for the basics... cheap.
1	10 Pages per minute black printing speed, 6 color
0	everything: Navigation, Battery Life, LACK OF CLOCK
0	Night shots.  A bit slow.   Most stores do not have the batteries on sale.
0	Crashes (but saves data)
1	2.3 Megapixels, USB interface
0	Flash blows everything out, no macro, poor LCD
1	Features, Size
1	Large screen, easy text messaging, no dropped calls! Lots of features. Headphones preferred over speakers.
1	great pictures, feature rich
0	Discontinued, large size makes carrying on ones belt or pocket impossible.
0	Guzzles battery juice, only 4MB
0	Bulky, slow organiser, hard to set up
0	Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
1	Price, quality print &amp;amp; speed
1	Text messaging buttons, good menu layout, good contact system
1	Clear and quality pictures, day or night, view screen.
0	Like anything else, it's behind technology once you walk out the store.
1	Resist all kind of beats. Never broken. A very useful phone
1	Price
1	Features, size, print quality, quiet
1	Ease to use ...
1	Lightweight, good display, cheap, changable faceplates
0	Odd button layout takes getting used to.
0	nothing
0	No web feature, hard to use
0	Screwy frequency, scratchy screen
0	price, taking a laptop or buying a digital wallet
0	Lightweight antennae,not for the technically challenged.
1	easy to use, saves money on film
0	No adapter, camera case etc.
0	slow to take pictures, eats up batteries, no ability to record video
1	Color Screen, Cool Design.
1	Easy to use, expansive options
0	The price and software. 
1	prints well, easy to install
1	easy use, reliable, cool colors
0	a little slower than other hp printers- but no snail
0	wish it operated more like a point and shoot camera
0	Absolutely everything. Terrible picture, battery life
0	Color print quality
1	Loaded with USABLE features. Expandable memory
0	Black and white display; speakerphone is hard to hear
0	lag time between pressing the shutter and getting the picture taken, weak flash
0	May take a few seconds to start up
0	video capture is a lie
0	Slow response time and screen freezes
1	Features, Functions, Clarity, Durability
0	not many features
0	none
1	Super features, good sounding audio, web access
1	small, cool and perfect companion for wireless folks
0	Slow press-to-shoot time, rechargeable battery pack is optional
0	charger acts up
0	Jammed trying to print on fabric..
1	good features, appearance, price
0	Soon this phone will be known as an Edsel.
0	computer software, battery life
0	A little heavier than other new phones. No games come preset in the phone.
0	A few minor glitches
0	Could use focus assist light for dark focusing
1	Ease of use and wonderful Pictures! Great pictures and easy to learn! 
1	For Those Who Like The Simplicity From A Digital Camera
1	GREAT QUALITY,FAST SPEED,NEAT LOOKING,LOTS OF OPTIONS,INEXPENSIVE, AND MOST OF ALL, IT'S MADE BY HP.
1	none
0	its higher in space needed
1	Good battery life, good reception, easy to use features
0	Rechargable Battery Life (suggest buying another battery, for backup)
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
1	Easy to use, dependable, good quality.
0	none
0	Have to switch ink cartridges
0	battery life, red-eye
1	High Quality at a very affordable price. Easy to set up
1	small size, VERY bright light, very user friendly
0	None
1	Small, lightweight, many features
0	Smartmedia 64 megs limits number of pictures at highest resolution
1	Very sharp, professional looking print outs
1	Affordable
0	Lens Cap
1	small, loaded with newest features, good talk/standby time
1	fast
1	Memory Stick, easy to use, long battery life
0	Faulty signal issues. Low earpiece volume. Annoying synch issues with Vibrate and Ring.
1	ring tones, durability, size, price
0	flash is weak, eats batteries
1	NONE
1	Great size and lightweight; durable phone!
0	Flash, No battery indicator, No Case.
0	finicky buttons, joystick doesn't work the best, hidden menu choices, poor user interface
1	Small, great reception, great battery life
0	battery life, and no sounds on short movies.
0	Gulps ink (pricey cartridges), somewhat sloppy ink distribution in color print function
1	Cheap, Simple, megapixel, easy battery load, LCD. Prefers still subjects
1	Small, compact, good quality
0	A little noisy.
0	Slow Shutter
1	quality -the best
0	expensive, single band
0	little pricy
0	cartridges sometimes clog, doesn't stop for paper jams.
1	Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
1	Color display, many features, and quality sound
1	3x optical, 2.5 digital zoom, many manual adjustments in addition to auto, compact size, ease of operation
1	small, light, inexpensive
1	Affordable, Easy to Use, Crisp Lettering
1	Compact size
0	No parent Cup Holder
1	Still thinking here
0	none that I've found
1	Small and lightweight
1	Games,design,NO ANTENNA!,color screen
1	it is really easy to use. , 
1	Compact, very stylish (neon blue backlighting), color and tri-band
1	Quality, flexibilty and ease of use
0	Potential for antenna problems.
1	cheap, functions good
0	expensive, eats photos
1	Microdrive, Picture Quality
0	Very Short battery life.  Microdrive problems;  Customer Service; no ability to adapt another lens.
1	Easy to set up and use, no paper jams, prints well on card stock
1	Stylish, elegant.
0	none
0	Weak flash, DK110 battery kit is a $75 must!
0	Bad selection of ring tones and melodies. Drops calls because of signal fade constantly!
0	Menus unintuitive, button not layed out great, amber screen is bright but lame
0	immediately requires cf card upgrade, limited zoom
1	Ease of use, ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
0	Can hardly hear on the speakerphone.
1	Easy to set up in Windows.  Excellent image quality for the price.
1	good quality and inexpensive
1	Easy to use, sleek &amp; unique design, swivel lens, "scene" feature
0	Noisy; wastes ink when cleaning jets.
0	None
1	versatility; durability
0	Little talk/standby time; no good features
1	Fast Printing, Great Images and text, easy to setup.
1	Floppy storage
1	Size, Speakerphone, Quality
1	Tiny, feature-rich, colorful and large screen for its overall size
0	Could use more choices of ringtones :)
1	Good Picture Quality
1	Easy to use, good quality pics, viewscreen at the back.
0	Vibrate mode
0	none.
0	Color not as good with cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Lens cap stinks. Outdoor shots are inconsistent. 
1	good quality and speed for the price
1	voice dialing.
1	Great protected screen, intuitive menus, great composer and games.
1	Great quality for the money
1	Quality of photos; Ability to change aperature and shutter
1	-Small
0	Color printing is not top quality, but what did you expect in this price range?
0	Plastic body, bad flash photography,
0	non rechargable battery, 'optional' AC adapter, 
0	no AF Illuminator, undersized CF card
0	Shakes our Desk when printing
1	Menus are easy to use and looks really nice
0	No optical zoom
1	Visually very nice. Excellent PC Suite integration. True business tool.
1	Price
0	A little on the pricey side.
0	Little larger than expected.
1	Super print-quality, quiet, leaps, simply all around good&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Lightweight, cupholders, nice basket, low price, snack tray, can be used with infant carrier/carseat
0	LCD screen auto shut-off, 16MB card, no discount on purchasing card, battery life
0	Holds funny in hands
1	Size, Weight, Simple to use, 
1	Good price, fairly easy to use and upload pic's to the computer, has LCD screen for viewing photos
0	none
1	Cost-per-pixel, AVI capability, MicroDrive ready
1	Large display; decent battery life; works on GPRS data networks; downloadable ring tones.
0	No backspace on dialing phone numbers, a few menu options are hard to find.
0	why buy when the 1100 and 4050 are available?
0	black ink cartridge dries out fast
0	Physical Size
1	Small, Many Features, Built to Hold Up
0	Be careful with the mode selector. LCD is sharp, but small.
0	NO BASKET, Canopy is useless...does not protect baby from sun or rain.
1	Great features for the price.
0	slow in taking a picture
1	The color and clarity of pictures is fantastic, easy to use, sleek design
1	Easy to learn and use, excellent low light photos, a great value.
0	This phone will force you to get a more expensive plan.
1	It looks cool
1	Speed, Speed, Speed and not at the cost of quality or ink
0	Mediocre navigation
0	Poor durability, costly to repair, terrible HP customer service experience.
1	affordable, practical, ease of use, easy to customize
0	1-Batteries go fast.  Get a charger for back-up.
1	easy to use
1	Great brand, great pictures, perfect size
0	Slow,    not as clear as the other deskjets.
1	cheap,
0	Shape wants to slip out of my hands for some reason.
0	small size, poor user's manual
0	standard battery sucks, but beg for extended life bat.
1	No rushing to the store for film
0	price, closing is hard until you get the hang of it
0	battery life (short term and long term), key lock, reception
0	Lots of bugs, horrible wired handsfee sound, easy inadvertently change to silent mode.
0	Fragile and low capacity paper tray.
1	Phone performs very well.
1	What you want in a cellphone, Nokia 3390 has it all for you.
0	Product failure!
1	cool colors and lights, easy ignore, great volume for rings and earpiece
1	Durability, dependability, cost
1	small size and ease of use; versatile with many options
1	Easy to maneuver, very lightweight
0	I haven't found any yet, I will edit if I do.
1	Works Great, Crystal Clear Sound, TONS of options
0	Sometimes the paper jams
1	Great 
1	Features, durability, size/weight ratio
0	ink cartridges overpriced
0	Slightly less durable than expected.
1	Amazing looks/build, easy to use, excellent picture quality, feature content, revolutionary features and size, value
0	Takes a long time to answer a call, lose reception all the time
1	Phenominal image quality; awesome features; ultra-cool low-light photo quality
1	Good for price --- now..... :-(   Good low-light performance.&amp;#160;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Expensive,Sensitive, can't send small text messages
1	long battery, wide angle zoom, external flash hotshoe on-board the camera, excellent lens
0	Installation program is terrible. 
0	way too slooooooow
1	works great, like any digital camera
1	Outstanding color photos, impressively fast print, excellent technical support.
0	kills batteries very fast
0	not made for people over 6'2&amp;quot;
0	Costly Ink, very slow
0	The shutter lag is too long.  LCD display is misleading.
0	pricey
1	Cheap, easy picture transfer
0	A secondary photo program(such as photoshop elements 2.0) is necessary to get great pics.
0	Picture quality,annoying menu confirmations,so-so reception
1	Great Price, All the Features you want
0	bad lens distortion (wide angle macros), Maximum size of Memory Stick only 128 MB
1	Inexpensive, high quality prints
0	small screen size; slow remote syncs
0	poor durability, not a world phone
0	Voice out of sinc with video, Max 400iso, Slow to take picture,Lenscap
1	Very fast, excellent photo quality, very good text, single color ink tanks, user replaceable head.
1	clear pictures, Hp
1	light, ease of use, great photo quality
1	Great basic phone - Verizon service and signal
1	Voice Dial, Good Battery Life
1	Small, EASY TO USE, quality built.
1	rechargable batteries, can record video + audio, all metal body, full manual mode, brighter colors
1	affordable,great pictures,and has not jammed on me once
0	Limited capacity and no LCD for preview
1	Wow, where to start? Clarity, functionality, BLUETOOTH, IR, superior battery life.
0	Battery life, styling, 5-way select button that is difficult to push straight down
1	image quality, options
0	big
0	No Voice Dialing, Cannot play "true" polyphonic ringtones, only 8 tones simultaneously
0	No Speakerphone, should be compatible with new Verizon VCAST
1	Simple to use, records images on floppies.
0	Exterior scrapes, Battery life!!
0	None.
1	small, compact, light-weight, easy to install
1	Handy, good picture quality, almost point-and-shoot
0	None.
1	Compact, Light, and Easy to Use
0	price
0	heavy for its size
1	Solid work horse.  Excellent quality and reliability.
0	none
0	Ink hungry
0	A bit thick, but worth it.
0	Roaming...Not Popular
1	Great price, excellent performance and value
1	Instantly prints pictures on Polaroid film.
0	Vibrating ring requires special battery
1	Lightweight, great photos, ease of use
1	Battery, styling, size, just about everything.
0	print speed (why do they always lie??)
0	Battery life
0	Not extremely fast
0	Battery dies very fast, Cant use old face plates on new nokia
1	Good display & camera.Good Looks.
0	expensive accessories; voice command isn't very good
1	The quality of the print is not bad.
0	ink price, shows out of ink when plenty left, crashes computer often
1	It faxes, scans, copies, and prints like a dream!
1	2 For 1
0	Difficult to focus distance shots, controls can "trap" one into unwanted options
0	deceptive packaging on toner cartridge
1	Advanced device with camera and Tri-band phone.
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	A nice phone that survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	Lightweight, nice backlight, time, date displays, auto redial.
1	cheap, good software
0	Operating System Software Glitches.  Blue-Screen-Of-Death.  Lockup's requiring removal of battery.
0	Keypad
1	Durability, low-cost.
0	dark, blury digital image prints
0	Weak antenna.
0	Bad implementation; very poor QC; Kyocera tech support is obtuse
0	Cable included was broken, doesn't print as fast as they boast on box, kind of loud printing 
0	not very many features, basic LCD... not color!
0	Battery sucks
1	Great Software Comes With Camera
0	cost
1	Attractive, fast, excellent quality print, easy to print two sides
1	Small size, data access and sync software, good battery life, small size
1	Simple to use,nice features for less than $100,USB upload
1	Great design, aluminum case, large screen, speaker-phone, MP3 ringtones, standard USB connectivity
0	antennae
1	Phone Book, Backlit, Vibrating
1	Inexpensive, good quality, good paper handling
0	Too big and cumbersome
1	Full QWERTY keyboard and speakerphone.
1	great life for the starter cartridges..how about the full ones?? Just getting ready to find out!
0	A little bulky
1	It was free
0	Accessory prices
1	Battery life, voice dialing, stores lots of numbers
0	Menus are a pain, doesn't get your attention w/ ring or vibrate
1	Unique features, holds multiple children if necessary
0	Battery life overstated (though now has 900mAH battery); They eliminated the security lock.
0	2001 model is plastic and can break easily.
1	the communication works
1	Weight, size, battery, antenna, shell
0	I do not like the single tank for my color ink. I like the individual colors like the Cannon has.The ink last longer when you have individual colors to replace and not a single tank like the Epson has.
0	no zoom
1	Cheap, sturdy looking and small camera
1	Great Color
0	Noisy; big and heavy
0	Poor hand grip. Restrictive pricing.
0	size, some wierdness with switching between phone and Palm modes
1	External display
1	Great pictures! Great price! Easy to use!
0	keys "sweat" on the screen, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
1	Intuitive button menus, t9Word text software, 2 big beautiful color screens, camera with flash
0	confusing
0	Runs through a lot of ink - and new cartridges cost a bundle
1	Front AND back faceplates, ringtone composer, calendar, alarm, messaging
1	easy to download
0	Cartridge cost and waste of two of three colors
1	Great photo quality, easy to use, won't break the bank. What more could you want??
1	Reversible handle, canopy, boot feature
1	Excellent all-around printer
0	bigger than the usual stroller
0	Sony Proprietary Memory, Occasionally Difficult Manual Focus
0	Much larger than newer versions on the market.
0	Eats batteries, Poor action camera, annoying 'click' sound
1	Handy, very easy to use, floppy disks for easy transfer, durable
0	Stiff "1" key, which requires wearing-in. Difficult to open.
1	Fun functional features that will survive the rapidly changing technology.
1	size, flip
0	Several things.
0	The cost of around $600 is a little high for most!
0	ink does not last long
1	clarity, rather quick charge and display
1	Excellent images, format CCD RAW, large battery life, many features, MicroDrive support, easy to use
1	Compact size, custom features
1	Lightweight, Bright display, Lots of features and games, voice dialing.
1	Lots of helpful features. Super reception & easy to use.
0	Eats batteries
1	Printer\scanner\copier\fax is perfect for the small business.
1	Lightness, thinness, good reception
1	3.2 Megapixels, ultra compact, Improved Control Layout, tough metal body, 
0	none
1	solid construction
1	Very reliable!!!
0	Slow and unreliable
0	Usually it doesn't
1	CompactFlash memory, good picture quality, easy to use.
1	8x optical zoom, 4 mega-pixel resolution
1	good quality camera
0	LCD too small and hard to navigate.
1	Easy to use, good quality images, nice features, good for most people
1	Small, Light, and Easy To Use
0	Poor antenna design. Can give you shocks while charging.
0	none so far
1	manual controls, both LCD and viewfinder, adjustable flash, optimum range for lens
1	tailorable menu shortcuts, speaker for quick hands free option
1	Compact camera that takes great pictures and MPegs (/w sound)
0	Games, you can only personalize ring tones by groups-not individuals, battery charging.
0	Initial Cost
0	No display of how long current call has lasted, no PC sync ability.
1	easy to set up
1	Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
1	small enough to fit in pocket or purse, good reception, decent battery life
1	Light, small, user-friendly.
1	cheap, easy to use
1	viewfinder is a must. Can use AA batteries 
0	Low sound volume, limited headphone options, useless in the sunshine
0	technical support
0	SIZE! styling, and yeah....size
1	Ease of use, great design.
0	A little heavy, slow serial connection
1	2880 for under $100.00
1	durability, speed, compatability
0	None as of yet
0	None
0	bulky, a few extraneous features
0	expensive, limited MPEG value
1	LCD in the front&#13;&#10;Very small &#13;&#10;Many features
0	Very long wait for technical support (Sprint).
1	Small size, Ease of use.  Takes excellent pictures.
0	Ink Cartridge Runs Out A Little Too Quickly
1	Inexpensive
1	the cooliest
1	Small, packed with features, high &quot;sex appeal&quot;
0	you need a big hardrive to download photos
1	Ease of use and low long range cost
0	flip face gives and squeaks loudly, which can be heard on other end; short life-span
1	Good print quality on the first two prints. That's it!!!
0	Ships with small 8mb card, Slow recovery time after 2 shots
1	4 in 1, great price, small, good quality
0	Poor photo printing quality. Flimsy construction. Expensive ink.
1	Excellent quality photos, Intuitive user-interface and controls, great price!
0	Uses batteries quickly
0	Displays not readable in sunlight.
1	Decent picture quality
0	The one self healing incident LOL
1	Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
1	Battery life is long, camera, java games, mp3 ringtones, color screen
1	Great result in a small pretty package
0	Large size.
0	The phone is very good, Verizon limited some potentialy great options.
0	very badly designed user-interface/hotkeys.
0	Poor battery performance, no Bluetooth.
0	batteries don't last long, (but that's normal)
0	Battery life
0	Display fonts too small -
0	A little flimsy and manually dialing can be a bit difficult.&#9;&#9;
1	Good price, Above average print quality.
1	Small (relatively), sleek, lightweight -- a real eye turner
1	polyphonic sounds, size
0	HP DeskJet 697C
0	horrible connectors for power and synch - with lights off almost impossible to connect.
0	price, need to service
1	Good ergonomics, lots of features but still easy to use.
0	No memory chip.
0	8mb,zoom browser, support
1	Small in size, reliable and durable
0	Radio, Camera, Slow menus, Headset design, Build quality
1	Easy to use, great picture quality
1	Great display, easy to use, sounds great
0	Speaker on my end occasionally buzzes. The other end doesn't seem to hear it though.
0	Bad quality on cheap paper.
1	Sturdy, swivel handle, easy fold up.....
1	Image quality.  Ability to use Nikon lenses.  Options.
1	Small size, light weight, great photos, great video
0	only five pictures per floppy disk
1	Takes a nice picture.
0	Very bad picture quality.  
1	low price, USB connection, Cybershot viewfinder
0	None.
1	Viewfinder (saves batteries), simple graphic menus.
0	EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and poor ergonomics. , 
1	Fast, cheap and doesn't drink ink by the gallon.
0	Bad battery life, serious reliability problems
0	battery usage
1	Great price, print quality 
1	Fairly small, easy to use, color faceplates, belt clip, upgrade features, wireless web
0	Bulky, a bit pricy
1	Easy to use, Aparture and Shutter Priority, and of course unlimited pictures.
0	Very very slow.  Noisy.  Used lots of ink. 
1	SMALL, decent battery life, fast startup, optical zoom, extremely rugged
1	easy to use, colorful photos
1	Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
0	The usual battery thing, plus a little difficult to master all the settings
1	Capability to assign different ring tones to numbers.
1	Very inexpensive printer and ink 
0	It is dead now.
1	Floppys are cheap, good resolution options
0	none that I can tell so far.
0	has 'locked' or 'stuck' twice
1	Next to the photos I took with my 35mm and they are just as good.
1	Perfect images, Simple to use.
0	Annoying software
0	Lens cap on string, red hues indoors, battery charger not included
1	Great pictures, Customized settings
0	Battery life
0	No USB cable included?  C'mon!
0	Poor keypad made daily use it's demise
1	Voice Recognition, Vibrating ring, IR connectivity w/ PDA, Ring Profiles
1	Affordable price and lots of features; PC cam and video capabilities; Small and light
0	International Roaming is Expensive
0	slow processing speed
0	uses up ink pretty fast
0	Non-intuitive menus, lackluster standby time
0	High-Res graphics are a little fuzzy.
1	FLEXIBILITY
0	Still the same strange headset dongle; Faceplate is too thin.
0	None yet...
1	Perfect size & design, two-in-one device, great at both, and great battery life
1	messaging, wow factor, sync with outlook, nokia interface
0	Runs out of ink within two months if you print very little. Expensive cartridges
0	Paper feed, noise, printer driver
0	Poor quality, poor microphone
1	Great Value for the $$$.  Excellent entry-level 3MP digital camera
0	Some limitations might be too much for advanced users to live with.
1	Picture Quality,Easy to Setup,Versatility
0	No filter thread, focusing problems, adapters cover focus light
1	high resale value
0	only a 2x lens, Eats alkalines for lunch
1	Quick, compatable with many computers.
0	Ink runs out fast, prints in moderate speed
0	Batter life only so-so. No USB connection
1	replaceable printer heads, inexpensive ink alternatives, low starting cost
1	text and image quality
1	Good price, prints fast
0	have to keep it really steady
1	Chock full of power features; ultimately versatile and customizable.
0	Buggy Bluetooth implementation, too easy to power off while in pocket
0	color and ink runs out quick
1	inexpensive
0	Shot delay, no case. 
1	lightweight, easy to use
1	Good quality print images
1	slider design, customizable, easy-to-use software, radio feature, external memory
1	mmmm...is that a trick question? I guess the SIM concept is OK.
1	excellent speaker phone, durability, easy to use
1	Compact, Portable, 1200 X 2400 dpi, Stand alone capable, quick print time
1	sturdy, easy to use camera
0	somewhat expensive, minutes add up
0	Slow flash recharge; low battery life
1	Speaker volume, &amp; Durability
0	none
1	small, long lasting battery.
1	USB, amazing quality for its low cost
0	inevitable noseprints on viewer, megapixel limitations
0	Somewhat difficult menu, minimal ringtones.
0	It gets you wanting to use it alot
0	guide is online-only (bleh)
0	Everything else.
0	None
1	Excellent resolution, Lots of great functions, Easy to use, Takes 30 second movie clips
0	Startup a bit slow. Flash can be obscured by finger., Accidental on from control dial.
1	Awesome color prints on Canon specialty paper, individually replaceable color cartridges.
0	everything else about phone
0	black ink runs out quickly but is very inexpensive
0	Battery doesn't last the time stated and no ring plus vibrate feature.
1	great price, high quality prints, great outputs on all kinds of paper, etc etc etc.
0	Battery takes along time to charge, difficult to open with one hand
1	Four great features, great printing quality, 
0	Copying isn't great Quality. , Set up kind of a pain.
0	Heavy on batteries
0	too big and heavy
1	best price/performance, uses CF storage, special accessories available
0	Serious design defect with battery, too quiet, menus are slow
0	a few problems here and there, but who said I was a technology whiz!
0	SLOW, print quality somewhat disappointing, installation problems on Win2k
0	Poor quality photos, takes AAA batteries, uses Quicktime for video
0	Not reliable and bad after sales services from HP and Staple
1	FLOPPY DISK FOR EASY AND VERSATILE ACCESS, MPEG MOVIE FEATURE
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	Spring wears out and dust behind the lcd.
0	Not enough features for amount of money spent
1	Nice if you have kids around the same age
0	Hard to find :)
1	Currently available under 200, red-eye reduction, decent capacity.
0	Relatively high battery power consumption and shutter release delay
0	Occasional black streaks (1 page in 50); case and connectors are flimsy.
1	Size, Software, Convenience
1	Small, Smart, Tough-Skinned and a long-lasting battery.
1	Excellent quality pictures, movie mode, size of a credit card, width of a quarter.
1	Good Picture Quality, Zoom, Video cable for TV slide viewing.
0	Hard to find in stores and the shoulder straps are a little loose
0	There is really no cons to this camera it is a GREAT CAMERA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	Slightly bigger than the 8260; Nokia added useless features in lieu of meaningful improvements
0	Uses batteries at a good rate, use rechargeables
0	Accessories and parts are hard to come by.
0	Insane number of features, pretty intense battery usage
0	Sort of ugly
1	Great quality, nice features, decent print speed.
1	Good for taking walks
1	Durability, size, zoom, options
1	Excellent picture quality, lots of features
0	Very expensive. Power-hungry.
1	Small and compact, the proof is in the pictures
1	Great quality prints.
0	It lacks the resolution in picture quality of some other well known brands.
0	2 mp, cheapy feel, lcd hard to see, bat life.
0	Auto focus is slow, VERY short battery life with alkaline batteries, flimsy construction (feels "plastick-y")
0	clogs frequently, driver does not work well, poor customer service
1	picture quality, boot time, reliable, included rechargeable battery
1	Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	Battery, JAVA, Many options and settings, tough.
0	A little easy to lose grip of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
0	Software o bit clunky. Lack of complete paper users manual
1	Small, light, full of features, great battery life.
1	The Software, When There Is Ink It Actually Will Print, Doesn't Take Up Much Space
1	Feature rich&#13;&#10;Fairly durable&#13;&#10;Good battery life
0	bad reception
1	Good price, high resolution, good display, sleek design
1	cheap, output same as 890cse, outstanding paper handling, HP black
1	Fast, color matching is perfect, user-friendly 
1	easy cheap quick and a lot of fun 
0	LCD viewfinder difficult to use in daylight. Short delay before picture is taken.
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
1	Cheap, voice quality, batter life, features
0	rather expensive AC adapter, after using for a few months &lt;b&gt;images are soft&lt;/b&gt;
0	Clumsy/inconsistent user interface, questionable battery life, poor mfg support, somewhat weak reception.
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
0	Unless you want to be aggrevated, don't buy this phone
0	expensive ink costs!, seems to take up more desk space because of UFO design
0	have not found one yet
0	Color is used up fast
1	easy to use, small and good pictures
1	Durability, slim size, cool factor, great sound and reception
0	Eats through AA batteries
0	slow
1	Great Picture Quality and White balancing system,  Very inexpensive with rebate
1	LARGE LCD SCREEN, CARL ZEISS LENS, MANY MODES TO TAKE PICTURES IN.
0	Doesn't print glossy or large prints
0	Noisey, no swich to turn it off, Low speed
0	No real zoom, slow to download
0	No vibrate feature.
1	Camera never worked long enough to list pros
0	Speakers not too clear. No ear plug hole. Side buttons are awkward. No holster.
1	price, robust, quality, usability
1	Cheap, digital, simple to use
0	none
0	turns off after about 15-30 seconds w/o use
1	Price is right.
0	none
0	Square design, 4MB memory not enough for some image printing, supplied drivers not excellent
0	Minor bugs in firmware.
1	Great resolution, great features, cheap compared to other cameras.
1	Supports Microdrive
0	BIG, not color, no expansion capability
0	Too small?
0	Standard 8mb card, weak flash, short battery life, no case, small zoom, slow shutter speed
1	Disk Storage &amp;amp; Ease Of Use
0	Somewhat bulky by today's standards; small phone book
0	Price is a bit more than other Color InkJets
1	Easy to use and takes nice pictures
1	nice flip, pretty, colorful, cute ring tones,
1	In one word: ZOOM: this has one of the best zooms I've seen at 10x optical
0	LCD display
0	The icons on the camera are hard to read.
1	cheap
0	Minor design flaws
0	The Color Screen Is Not Very Vibrant, The Phone is Ugly.
1	Great quality even on regular paper, Super-quiet, cheap, good compatibility
1	it's cool, you can erase bad pictures
0	Cons: Eats batteries if you don't have an AC adapter (doesn't come with one either)
0	no ability to visually personalize
1	GREAT print quality, waterproof prints!  easy to use, small footprint
1	Good features for a low price
1	EASY to use! Idiot proof! Just like the commercial.
1	Sleek, sophisticated.  The Motorola V60 is a perfect combination of form and function.
0	keypad is cramped
0	Short battery life, toggle button hard to use and unreliable
0	Red eye, must have red eye on or you'll be sorry 
1	Outstanding photo quality, and also high quality text printing on plain paper
0	On the expensive side. 
1	Good price, a lot of features, easy to use
0	Poor sound quality, bulky belt clip
1	fast, quiet, IR, great quality
1	quality printouts, dependable
1	excellent printer for the money
1	Clear screen, small
1	A fun camera that takes great pictures.
1	Image quality, ease of use, durability, USB connection 
1	Easy to use, Reliable
1	Looks, design, size
1	Fast USB connection, Can take &amp;quot;fast&amp;quot; moving photos, Instant Delete
0	price
1	Print out quality, good value on the inks
0	cheap construction, bad antenna, hard to lose
0	does not have zoom lense
0	none
0	Poor signal reception, weak vibration
1	Excellent battery life.
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
0	So is many others. May not be your 'decisive moment' camera.
1	Inexpensive, great LCD resolution, and versatile file saving.
0	new accessory device connector, stereo headset in box, no Bluetooth
0	Great for personal picture-taking, but not quite enough pixel capacity for the professional.
0	Average macro mode and slow start-up 
0	antennae is annoying, no color screen, limited organizer
1	good photo printing
0	expensive, large size can make in hard to move
1	vivid color pictures, sharp text
0	It does cost more money then others.
1	high performance, low cost
0	It rarely works, drinks ink like water
1	It has everything!
0	Slow. Often pulls in more than one sheet at a time. 
1	Screen, Verizon-free downloads, style, quality, features, GPS
1	light-weight, small, separate car seat attaches/detaches easily, very small collapsed state, adjustable handle.
1	Stylish, compact, lots of features, great reception, changeable faceplates, and it's cheap!
0	Exposure knob came off, lense kinda long
0	You go through too many batteries, can't use rechargable ones
0	Battery could last a little longer
1	Good quality and speed for everyday jobs.
1	Color Screen, Battery Life, Holds on to a signal! Speakerphone!
1	You don't have to be plugged into the computer to take pictures
0	Slow startup, red eyes, poor low light focus.
0	Significant cash rebate ending soon!
1	You can make a call, generally.
1	The only stroller you will ever need! 
0	sometimes hard to hear people, speakerphone has problems every once and a while
0	Ink cartridges are expensive, but they are for all such machines
0	horrible color issues left my pictures looking unrealistic &amp; cartoon-like
0	Limited battery life.
0	No optical zoom , No Video , the Dock.
1	Great camera for just about anyone.
1	none
0	The noise when printing (very quiet when not)
1	Very fast
1	Light weight, beautiful design, excellent build quality, simple to use
0	slow response in menus, keypad, low speaker and ring sounds, internal battery, etc.
0	Like most double strollers, it squeaks from time to time
1	good build quality, good price, great menus
1	Ease of  use; computer interface; quality pictures;reasonably  priced.
0	Will not feed small items (3" x 5" or less).
1	maneuverability, versatility
1	Light, long talk time, easy to read display
0	Battery consumption is bad
1	speaker phone, beautiful color screen, fm radio, polyphonic ring tones, java, wap, infrared
0	speed, cost of black ink cartridge.
1	Ease of Use, Lightweight
0	Antenna breaks easily
1	Compact, tons of features, seems to alwasy find a signal
1	Great print quality and speed.  Handles stacks of ANY size card or envelope.
0	loaded paper crooked, paper jammed, unreliable
0	battery life, ugly looks, bulky
1	None
1	Good Image Quality, Long Battery Life, Great Price
0	Potential problems when downloading pics directly from camera to Mac (OS X).
1	good color rendition even on plain paper, reasonable price
0	None so far
0	poorly made, eats batteries, pictures are not always the right color
1	NOT COSTLY
1	Very inexpensive, high quality printing.  Easy to use.
1	Feature-packed for the money, web enabled, handy size, good sound quality
1	It's light and low tech.
1	Great print quality and fast
0	read on and i'll tell you
0	Body is plastic, not metal like v60i, won't synchronize with Lotus Notes calendar
0	The buttons are hard to push individually; you can dial a wrong number very easily.
1	Great call quality and reception. I love Driving Mode !!
0	Operating system 'bugs', Navi button can confuse new users, no web access.
1	Excellent high resolution photos with 35mm camera functions
1	Good picture quality, connects well to PC's
0	Pricey
0	Pics of my finger, digital zoom
1	very compact, easy to use, pretty good picture quality, &amp; fun special effects
0	but cheap product!
1	Sleek, Small, Ease of use
0	Old.
1	floppy disc system, zoom
0	Dim backlight; Non-flip
0	Sound quality is awful
1	small size
1	Ease of operation and handling.
0	none yet
0	Limited paper supply, no dual USB jack, expensive ink cartridges.
1	High quality high resolution pictures. Lots of features
0	None
0	no optical zoom
1	Fast, quiet, sharp
1	Great phone with color screen awesome browser organizer and configurability
1	Useful cardboard box
0	no usb connector, only 1.3 megapixel
1	fun to use
1	Affordable, flatbed scanner, good print quality, space saved.
1	good quality, not too expensive
1	Connectivity, interface, look.
1	Inexpensive, stunning photo-quality, and great status icons
0	not cheap, photo paper expensive
0	Navigational buttons
1	Good Quality, Many Options
1	fairly inexpensive; versatile
0	Bad lens cap, hard to switch between flash modes, expensive
1	Compact, versatile, easy to use.
1	Easy to steer,reversible handle, easy to fold down, lightweight.
1	It prints fast, easy to set up, print quality is great, and Ink indicator
0	Pop up flash; price.
0	Folding it can take some getting used to
1	Great print quality, full featured, reliable, easy to use
1	Price and 1 Megapixel
1	Lots of features
0	Speakerphone is not a great quality
1	Honestly the best phone I have owned. Voice dialing!
1	Well, it looks like a real camera
1	light weight, easy to use
0	Not a Postscript printer
1	Very thin and lightweight. Very good reception. Clear hearing and large volume span.
1	Fast, superb image quality, free software.
0	The price
0	Everything
0	Its pretty awefull.
1	Great Price, Good Pictures
1	great item
0	Ink runs out way to quick
0	pricey, bulky
0	a little awkward due to it's size, easy to block the lens when taking pictures
0	Flash use is annoying... delays actual picture taking.
0	Only 2 megapixels
0	Expensive cartridges, so-so print quality, slow print speed
1	Size, durability, rechargeable battery, long-battery life
1	Everything
1	Reliable and easy to use
0	Jams a lot, fairly costly ink
1	Small, Fantastic Pictures, Bright LCD, Easy to use!
1	Price.  Durability.
0	quality of the picture, size
0	The price is still a little high
1	midi rings, color display, bright screen
0	None
0	shutter lag, seems heavy despite small size
0	The cases of the phone are limited in color.
0	The battery life is a bit annoying.
0	not so user-friendly for the casual photo-snapper
0	Very poor reception, drops calls all the time!
1	Very clear pictures at a regular resolution, lightweight,, and very dependable
0	Somewhat pricey, slow (but good) preview (histogram!), 1.6x effective focal length diminishes wide-angle lenses
0	Documentation
1	Inexpensive, user friendly, great quality shots.
1	Excellent reception
0	Non intuitive controls, no zoom, and tends to over or underexpose pictures
0	Lots of problems (limited to XP, possiblly)
1	It takes about 20 quality pictures
1	Cheap, tiny.
1	Image quality, features vs price
0	Pictures are very grainy and seem out of focus
0	A little big
1	Compact size, low price, image quality, excellent metering.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	sturdy construction
1	Small, Flexible, Inexpensive, 2.1 megapix's
0	Hard to find one in great shape now, buttons can wear out
1	Excellent value for money, fantastic pictures, a REAL zoom lens.
0	Impossible on/off button, ringer not loud enough
1	Everything
0	If you don't have battery recharger, you're not going to be happy
0	Every now and then visited by BJC-250 trolls who play jokes.
1	Clear photos, Good color, VERY easy to use.
0	not real sturdy/no power adapter
0	short USB cable
0	Slightly Top-Heavy
1	Good quality, fast, well made, can get cheap ink.
1	Nice form-factor, Long battery life, Good reception, Lots of accessories
1	Outstanding print quality, ink monitor, quiet, enclosures, price
0	Bulky, batteries need frequent recharging
0	Ink Cartridges are expensive.
0	The paper catcher on the front is my only complaint.
1	Amazing Printing Quality and Design
1	Speed, price, resolution quality.
1	Small size, easy to recharge, metal case
1	nice size, nice color screen, good reception
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	Easy and Great Quality Pictures
0	Menu system is a little unclear (you must read the manual, then it is very good)
0	VERY SLOW INTERNET. Additional cost of Dial-Up. BIG, BIG PHONE! No vibrate ring alert.
1	Inexpensive and light weight.
0	keypad keys are small
0	Bad reception, poor sound quality, bad design on the keypad.
0	Menu operation, Software, Flash design
1	Amazing Picture Resolution, Long Battery life (2AA), Great options, Low Price
1	Standard double A batteries, picture quality, ease of operation
1	Small size, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
1	Slim, Light, Great Signal, Easy to Use
0	Bundled storage card is too insubstantial. No voice with Movie recording. Manual lacks quality content.
0	Bundle is a bit weak.
1	easy installation, good printing, great price
1	Great ZOOM, Built in Floppy Drive, Pictures Small Enough To Email
1	Storage space, Quick view on computer nothing to connect just pop in cd!!!
0	ringer is irritating; buttons push easily
1	Quick printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to use.
0	Cost of ink and slight mis feeds
1	Inexpensive, compact, light, easy to use, wonderfully crisp photos!  A best buy!
1	easy to use, great pictures, lower cost
1	Photo Quality Prints, Duplex Printing, Clear Text Printing
1	Easy to use!
1	Inexpensive
0	No audio in movie mode.
1	Very small; cheap; fast; easy to use; stores 100+ photos; usb; long battery life
1	Image Stabilization, 10X Zoom, Great Lens, Easy to use Digital SLR
1	light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
0	Paper jams, High cost cartridges, Long print times.
0	Ridiculous that one single button controls all the modes.
1	Quality pictures, LCD Display with easy-to-use menu
0	Not for big Jobs or office use
0	the phone is a bit heavy
0	low memory, no dedicated control panel LCD, LCD unprotected, normal batteries dont work (needs lithium ion)
1	Small footprint
0	none really
1	easy to use, quality photos,ready for viewing or e-mailing immediately
0	None
1	3G internet, sleek design, swivel camera, MP3 player, text templates
1	Speaker Phone, Tons of Gadgets
1	Inexpensive, very good quality, fun, easy to use.
0	Wimpy battery, needs  larger storage
